[NERC2024] BitBitJump

BitBitJump is a one instruction set computer. Thus, it has only one instruction: $\texttt{bbj a, b, c}$, which copies an $a$-th bit of memory to the $b$-th bit of memory and then jumps to address $c$.

Let's consider a 16-bit BitBitJump computer. It has $2^{16}$ bits of memory organized in $2^{12}$ 16-bit words. Words are counted from 0, and 
bits in a word are counted from the least significant (0-th) bit to the most significant (15-th) bit. 

This computer has a single instruction pointer register $(\mathrm{IP})$, and execution starts with $\mathrm{IP}=0$. If the current $\mathrm{IP} \ge 2^{12}-2$, the computer stops. Otherwise, it uses the $\mathrm{IP}$-th word as~$a$, the $(\mathrm{IP}+1)$-th word as~$b$, the $(\mathrm{IP}+2)$-th word as $c$, and performs the \texttt{bbj a, b, c} instruction: copies the $(a \& 15)$-th bit of the $(a \gg 4)$-th word to the $(b \& 15)$-th bit of the $(b \gg 4)$-th word, and sets $\mathrm{IP}=c$. Here, $\&$ represents bitwise AND, and $\gg$ represents bitwise shift right operation. Notice that the value of $c$ is read from memory after the bit copy, so if the instruction modified its own $c$, the new value will be used for $\mathrm{IP}$.

For example, the $\texttt{bbj 32, 35, 5}$ instruction placed at the memory start will
be executed as follows:

- $a=32$ and $b=35$ are read from the memory.
- The 0-th bit of the 2-nd word (its value is $5 \& 1 = 1$) will be copied to the 3-rd bit of the same word, so the 2-nd word will have the value of $5 + 2^3 = 13$.
- Then $c=13$ is read from memory, and $\mathrm{IP}$ is set to 13.

Let's call the $(2^{12}-1)$-th word ($2^{16}-16 \ldots 2^{16}-1$-th bits of memory) an $\textit{IO-word}$. An $\textit{x-comparator}$ is a program which checks whether the value of the IO-word is equal to $x$. It should stop after execution of no more than $2^{12}$ instructions, leaving the lowest bit of the IO-word equal to $1$ if the original value of the IO-word was equal to $x$, and $0$ otherwise.

Write a program that generates an $x$-comparator for the given value of $x$.

Input
The input contains a single decimal integer $x$ ($0 \le x < 2^{16}$) --- the value for which to build the $x$-comparator.

Output
The output should contain the $x$-comparator program dump. Dump consists of values for the first $n$ words of the memory ($1 \le n \le 2^{12}-1$). All other words, except the IO-word, are filled with zeroes.

For each of the $n$ words, output its value as a four-character hexadecimal number. Values should be delimited by space or new line characters.

Constraints
