[OOI 2025] Strong Connectivity Strikes Back

Vertices $u$ and $v$ of a directed graph are called strongly connected if there exists a path from $u$ to $v$ and a path from $v$ to $u$ in the graph. Note that if $u$ and $v$ are strongly connected, and $v$ and $w$ are strongly connected, then $u$ and $w$ are also strongly connected. Therefore, the vertices of the graph are divided into sets---strongly connected components. A vertex belonging to a strongly connected component is strongly connected to all vertices in the component (including itself) and is not strongly connected to any vertices outside the component.

During a graph class, Alice drew a directed graph with $n$ vertices on the board and highlighted its strongly connected components. During the break, Bob decided to play a trick on Alice and erase the directions on some edges of the graph. He wants Alice to be able to uniquely restore the erased directions based on the remaining edges and the partition into strongly connected components after the break.

Help Bob by determining the maximum number of edges in the graph whose directions he can erase, as well as the number of ways he can do this.

More formally, find the maximum size of a subset of edges $A$ that has the following property: if the directions of the edges in the set $A$ are erased, then based on the information about the old strongly connected components and the directions of the edges not in the set $A$, the directions of the edges in the set $A$ can be uniquely restored in such a way that the strongly connected components remain unchanged.

Since the number of such maximum subsets can be very large, output it modulo $10^9 + 7$.

Solutions that correctly determine the maximum size of the set $A$ but incorrectly present the number of such subsets will receive partial points.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$, and $g$ ($2 \le n \le 2000$, $1 \le m \le 2000$, $0 \le g \le 7$)---the number of vertices and edges in the graph, respectively, as well as the test group number.

The next $m$ lines contain two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ ($1 \le u_i, v_i \le n$, $u_i \neq v_i$)---the numbers of the vertices that are the start and end of the $i$-th edge.

It is guaranteed that for any $1 \le i, j \le n$ $(u_i, v_i) \neq (u_j, v_j)$ and $(u_i, v_i) \neq (v_j, u_j)$, meaning that any two vertices are connected by at most one edge, regardless of direction.

Output
In the first line, output a single number---the size of the maximum subset of edges whose directions can be erased.

In the second line, output a single number---the number of such subsets modulo $10^9 + 7$. If you do not want to present the number of such subsets, then in the second line, instead, output any number from $-1$ to $10^9 + 6$. In this case, your solution will receive partial points for the test.

Note that omitting any number in the second line leads to a verdict of "Wrong Answer" and zero points for this test, regardless of the correctness of the size of the subset.

Constraints
| Group | Partial Points | Full Points | Additional Constraints: $n$ | Additional Constraints: $m$ | Required Groups | Comment |
| :---- | :------------- | :---------- | :-------------------------- | :-------------------------- | :-------------- | :------ |
| 0     | 0              | 0           | --                          | --                          | --              | Examples. |
| 1     | 7              | 11          | $n \le 14$                  | $m \le 14$                  | 0               |          |
| 2     | 5              | 9           | $n \le 20$                  | $m \le 20$                  | 0, 1            |          |
| 3     | 8              | 12          | --                          | --                          | --              | $u_i < v_i$, for all $1 \le i \le n - 1$ there is an edge $(i, i + 1)$ |
| 4     | 8              | 13          | --                          | --                          | 3               | $u_i < v_i$。 |
| 5     | 12             | 20          | --                          | --                          | --              | for all $1 \leqslant i \leqslant n - 1$ there is an edge $(i, i + 1)$, there is an edge $(n, 1)$ |
| 6     | 13             | 21          | --                          | --                          | 5               | the graph consists of one strongly connected component |
| 7     | 8              | 14          | --                          | --                          | 0 -- 6          |          |