[OOI 2025] Dreaming is not harmful

In the wedding agency M., mass layoffs are planned. All employees are busy counting the days until, with a favorable turn of events, they can head the company instead of working.

The structure of the company represents a suspended tree with the root at vertex number $1$. The immediate supervisor of employee number $v$ is the employee with number $p_v$. The level of competence of employee $v$ is defined by the parameter $s_v$. This parameter is different for all employees. The higher the level of competence, the more useful the employee is to the company. Note that as a result of an opaque hiring process, it may happen that a less competent employee is the supervisor of a more competent one.

As a result of significant personnel restructuring, every day the CEO, who is at the root of the working hierarchy, will be fired. If there are employees left in the company, the most competent immediate subordinate will take their place. After that, the other subordinates of the former director will become subordinates of the new director. See the explanations in the examples for a better understanding of the condition.

Each employee easily calculated how many days it would take for them to become the CEO. Many were not ready to wait that long, as they would only get to be the director for one day! To speed up this process, they are ready to ``cancel`` one of their colleagues. The ``canceled`` employee's level of competence drops to $0$, as no one is willing to interact with them anymore.

You will need to answer $q$ queries. In the $k$-th query, employee number $v_k$ is interested in the minimum number of days until they can head the company if they are willing to ``cancel`` exactly one employee. All queries are imaginary and independent, and the real levels of competence of the employees remain unchanged for all queries.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$, $q$ ($2 \le n \le 300\,000$, $1 \le q \le n$) --- the number of employees and the number of queries.

The second line contains $n - 1$ integers $p_2$, $p_3$, $\ldots$, $p_{n}$ ($1 \le p_i < i$) --- the immediate supervisors of employees numbered from $2$ to $n$.

The third line contains $n$ integers $s_1$, $s_2$, $\ldots$, $s_n$ ($1 \le s_i \le n$) --- the levels of competence of the employees. It is guaranteed that they are all different.

The fourth line contains $q$ integers $v_1$, $v_2$, $\dots$, $v_q$ ($1 \le v_i \le n$) --- the promotion queries. It is guaranteed that all numbers $v_i$ are distinct.

Output
Output $q$ integers separated by spaces --- the minimum number of days after which employees $v_1, v_2, \dots, v_q$ can become directors.

Constraints
| 1     | 10     | --                        | --                        | --              | $p_i = 1$ or $p_i = i - 1$, with $p_i = 1$ for no more than two numbers $i$ |
| 2     | 6      | --                        | --                        | 1               | $p_i = 1$ or $p_i = i - 1$                                                    |
| 8     | 14     | --                        | --                        | --              | $s_i > s_{p_i}$ for any $i > 1$                                               |