[BalticOI 2025] Gingerbread

Toruń has been known for its traditional gingerbread since the Middle Ages. Young Nicolaus would like to buy a set of $n$ boxes with gingerbread cookies in his favourite shop. The shop has very strict rules, though: Nicolaus initially obtains $n$ boxes that are already filled with cookies: the $i$-th box initially contains $a_{i}$ of them. Then, Nicolaus can order some extra cookies. He adds extra cookies to some boxes so that the greatest common divisor$\text{*}$ of the numbers of cookies in all of the boxes becomes equal to 1. It can be proven that this is always possible.

Help Nicolaus by calculating the smallest number of cookies that need to be added in order to make the greatest common divisor of all the numbers equal to 1.

$\text{*}$ The greatest common divisor (GCD) of multiple numbers is the largest positive integer that divides all of them without
remainder.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n\ (2 \leq n \leq 10^6)$, denoting the number of boxes.

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_{1}, a_{2}, \ldots, a_{n}\ (1 \leq a_{i} \leq 10^7)$, where the $i$-th integer $a_{i}$ denotes the initial number of cookies in the $i$-th box.

Output
Output one line with a single integer denoting the smallest number of cookies that Nicolaus should add to the boxes. If Nicolaus doesn't have to add any cookies to make the greatest common divisor of the numbers equal to 1, output 0.

Constraints
| Subtask | Constraints | Points |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| 1 | $n=2$ | 17 |
| 2 | $n \leq 10$ | 34 |
| 3 | $n \leq 1000$ | 11 |
| 4 | No additional constraints. | 38 |