[BalticOI 2025] Tower

There are many legends concerning the Leaning Tower of Toruń. The wall of the tower is a circle with $N \geq 3$ evenly spaced doors (in other words, the doors are the vertices of a regular $N$-gon). The doors are numbered from 0 to $N - 1$, but in a random order. Please refer to the scoring section for more details about this.

One of the less known legends describes how every new inhabitant of the tower had to complete a certain challenge. The goal of the challenge was to list the doors, starting with some door and then walking around the circle (clockwise or counterclockwise), visiting each door exactly once.

This needs to be done without actually seeing the tower. Instead, the new inhabitant can ask questions of the following form: "Given three distinct doors $x, y, z$, which pairs of doors are the closest to each other: $\{x, y\}$, $\{y, z\}$, or $\{z, x\}$?". The answer to such a question are all pairs (among $\{x, y\}$, $\{y, z\}$ and $\{z, x\}$) of doors with the smallest Euclidean distance. The distance is simply the length of the shortest segment connecting the doors. Your task is to write a program that will ask a small number of such questions to determine the order of the doors.

### Interaction

This is an interactive task. You should write a program which finds a correct solution to the task and communicates with the interactor by reading from the standard input and writing to the standard output.

At the beginning of the interaction, your program should read two integers $t$ and $k$ ($1 \leq t \leq 100$, $1 \leq k \leq 12\ 000$) from the standard input, denoting the number of test cases and the maximum allowed average number of queries, respectively. See the scoring section for more information about the latter.

For each test case, your program should first read a single integer $n$ ($3 \leq n \leq 500$) from the standard input, denoting the number of doors in the tower.

Then your program should ask the questions in the following way:

- Your program should write a single line in the form of    
  $?\ x\ y\ z$    
  to the standard output, where $x$, $y$, and $z$ are distinct integers ($0 \leq x, y, z \leq n - 1$). This line represents a single question concerning doors $x$, $y$, and $z$.
- The response will be given as:    
  $r$   
  $a_1\ b_1$   
  $\vdots$   
  $a_r\ b_r$    
  where $r$ is an integer ($1 \leq r \leq 3$) representing the number of pairs of doors with the smallest distance. Each such pair is described by two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ ($a_i, b_i \in \{x, y, z\}$ and $a_i < b_i$).

Once you have determined the order of the doors, you should write a single line in the form of

$!\ x_0\ x_1\ \dots\ x_{n-1}$

to the standard output, where $x_0, x_1, \ldots, x_{n-1}$ is the order of the doors as described in the task statement. Please note that there are exactly $2n$ possible correct answers since you can output the order starting from any door and then going in either direction. Any of them will be accepted.

**Keep in mind that after each query or answer you have to flush the output buffer using `cout.flush()` (or `fflush(stdout)` if using `printf`) in C++ or `sys.stdout.flush()` in Python.** Otherwise your program may receive a Time Limit Exceeded verdict.

After writing the answer to the interactor, your program should immediately proceed to the next test case or end the interaction if all test cases have been processed.

Your program cannot open any files or use any other resources. It can use the standard error stream for debugging purposes, but please mind that writing to this stream takes time.

Please also note that the interactor is not adaptive, meaning that the initial order of the doors is fixed beforehand in each test case and does not change during the interaction.

Input
See Interation.

Output
See Interation.

Constraints
Suppose we have only one test case with $n = 6$, and the order of the doors is $5, 3, 0, 2, 1, 4$. The interaction could look as follows:
| 1 100 |  | $t=1$ and $k=100$. |
Scoring for this problem is divided into subtasks. For each subtask there is exactly one test and this single test contains exactly $t = 100$ test cases. For each test, the average number of queries asked by your program is calculated by taking the total number of queries among all test cases and dividing it by the number of test cases. If this average is greater than $k$ for a given subtask, you will receive a score of $0$ for that subtask. Otherwise, for subtasks $1$ to $4$, you will receive full score for that subtask.
| Subtask | Constraints | Points |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| 1 | $k = 8000, 3 \leq n \leq 9$ | 6 |
| 2 | $k = 4500, 40 \leq n \leq 50$ | 7 |
| 3 | $k = 3000, 90 \leq n \leq 100$ | 9 |
| 4 | $k = 4500, n = 400$, there is a correct answer $x_0, \ldots, x_{n-1}$ where $x_i = i$ for $200 \leq i \leq 399$ | 22 |
| 5 | $k = 12000, n = 500$ | up to 56 |
Moreover, you can assume that each test case has been generated by first choosing $n$ **uniformly at random** from all values of $n$ satisfying the constraints of a given subtask, and then choosing the order of the doors **uniformly at random** from all orders of $n$ doors satisfying the constraints of a given subtask.