[UOI 2024] Lady's Gift

On her birthday, Lady received a gift --- a network. The network contains $n$ nodes, numbered with integers from $1$ to $n$. Each node is assigned a specific letter, denoted as $s_i$ for the node with number $i$.

There are one-way connections between some pairs of nodes. Each node has exactly one outgoing one-way connection. Let the connection for the node with number $i$ lead to the node with number $x_i$. Note that $x_i$ can be equal to $i$ --- in this case, it is considered that the connection from the node with number $i$ leads to the same node.

Let $p_{i,0} = i$ and $p_{i,k} = p_{x_i,k-1}$. Thus, $p_{i,k}$ is the number of the node where a chip will end up if it is placed in the node with number $i$ and moved along the connection from the current node $k$ times.

Lady created a matrix $a$ of size $n\times (3\cdot n)$, where $a_{i,j} = s_{p_{i,j-1}}$. Thus, the $i$-th row of the matrix $a$ is a sequence of $3\cdot n$ letters, where the first letter equals $s_i$, the second letter equals $s_{x_i}$, the third equals $s_{x_{x_i}}$, and so on.

Lady informed some rows of the matrix $a$ and asks you to construct any network that corresponds to the known rows of the matrix $a$.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ $(1 \leq n \leq 2\cdot{10}^3)$ --- the number of nodes in the network.

The next $n$ lines describe the matrix $a$. Each of these lines contains $3\cdot n$ lowercase Latin letters, representing the corresponding row of matrix $a$, or a single symbol $\tt{?}$ if Lady did not inform the corresponding row.

It is guaranteed that there exists at least one network that satisfies the given conditions.

Output
In the first line, output a string $s$ consisting of $n$ lowercase Latin letters --- the letters written on the nodes of the network.

In the second line, output $n$ integers $x_1, x_2, \ldots, x_n$ $(1 \leq x_i \leq n)$ --- the numbers of the nodes to which the connections from the corresponding nodes lead.

The matrix corresponding to this network must be exactly equal to the matrix $a$ in all rows that Lady informed.

If there are multiple correct answers, you are allowed to output any of them.

Constraints
In the first example, $x_1 = 2$ and $x_2 = 3$, so $p_{1,0}=1, p_{1,1}=2, p_{1,2}=3$. Since $x_3=3$, all $p_{1,k}$ for $k\geq3$ are also equal to $3$. Accordingly, the second letter of the first row equals $s_2$, and the third equals $s_3$.
- ($10$ points): $n \leq 5$, $q = 0$;
- ($6$ points): $n \leq 300$, $q = 0$, $x_{x_i}=i$ for $1\le i\le n$ (the network is a set of pairs and unit nodes);
- ($6$ points): $n \leq 300$, $q = 0$, $x_{x_i}=x_i$ for $1\le i\le n$ (the network is a set of stars);
- ($9$ points): $n \leq 300$, $q = 0$, $x_1=1$ and $x_i<i$ for $2\le i \le n$ (the network is a tree with the root at node $1$);
- ($9$ points): $n \leq 300$, $q = 0$, for all $1 \leq i,j \leq n$ there is such $k$ that $p_{i,k}=j$ (the network is a cycle);
- ($13$ points): $n \leq 300$, $q = 0$;
- ($10$ points): $n \leq 2\cdot{10}^3$, $q = 0$;