[GCJ 2022 #1B] ASeDatAb

A research consortium has been looking for the best possible database for three years, but they are still having problems. The database stores values as records that hold 8-bit binary strings. Unfortunately, their implementation of the function to set the value of a record is flawed.

Each record of the database is an 8-bit binary string. The bits of the binary string are indexed from 0 to 7 from left to right. When an instruction to set a specific record to a new value $V$ is received, instead of setting the value to $V$ the database does the following:

1. Choose an integer $r$ between 0 and 7, inclusive, and let $W$ be like $V$ but rotated by $r$ to the right. That is, the $((i + r) \bmod 8)$-th bit of $W$ is the $i$-th bit of $V$.
2. Replace the current value $X$ of the record with $X$ XOR $W$. That is, the new value of the record has a 1 as its $i$-th bit if and only if the $i$-th bits of $X$ and $W$ are different.
3. Finally, return the number of bits that are 1 in the new value to the user.

Luckily, it turns out that no matter what the initial value is or what rotation values the database chooses, it is always possible to reset the value of a record to have all bits be 0 with no more than 300 uses of this operation. Implement a program to interact with the database that does this.

### Interactive Protocol

This is an interactive problem.

Initially, your program should read a single line containing an integer $\mathbf{T}$, the number of test cases. Then, $\mathbf{T}$ test cases must be processed.

At the beginning of each test case, the record in the database is set to a value that is not $00000000$. In each test case, your program must process up to $300$ exchanges.

The $i$-th exchange starts with you outputting a single line containing a single 8-bit binary string to be used as the value $V$ for the operation above. Then, the judge program performs the operation as described and sends you a single line containing a single integer $\mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{i}}$ representing the number of bits that are equal to 1 in the updated value of the record.

* If $\mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{i}}=0$, it means that you have succeeded and you must start the next test case, or finish the program if it was the last one.
* If $\mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{i}}=-1$ it means that this was the 300-th exchange of the test case but the record never got to a value of all zeroes, so the test is failed. No further test cases will be processed.
* If $1 \leq \mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{i}} \leq 8$, it means that the updated value of the record has $\mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{i}}$ ones and you may proceed to the next exchange to keep trying to make it contain only zeroes.

Your solution is considered correct if and only if you succeed in setting the value of the record to $00000000$ for all test cases.

If the judge receives an invalidly formatted or invalid line from your program at any moment, the judge will print a single number $-1$ and will not print any further output. If you receive a $-1$, you must finish correctly and without exceeding the time or memory limits to receive a Wrong Answer judgement. Otherwise, you will receive a judgement informing the exceeded resource or the incorrect termination condition.

Input
See Interactive Protocol.

Output
See Interactive Protocol.

Constraints
