[GCJ 2021 Finals] Divisible Divisions

We have a string $\mathbf{S}$ consisting of decimal digits. A division of $\mathbf{S}$ is created by dividing $\mathbf{S}$ into contiguous substrings. For example, if $\mathbf{S}$ is 0145217, two possible divisions are 014 5 21 7 and 0 14 52 17. Each digit must be used in exactly one substring, and each substring must be non-empty. If $\mathbf{S}$ has $L$ digits, then there are exactly $2^{L-1}$ possible divisions of it.

Given a positive integer $\mathbf{D}$, a division of $\mathbf{S}$ is called divisible by $\mathbf{D}$ if for every pair of consecutive substrings, at least one of the integers they represent in base 10 is divisible by $\mathbf{D}$. If $\mathbf{D}=7$, the first example division above is divisible because 014, 21, and 7 represent integers divisible by 7. The second example division is not divisible because 52 and 17 are consecutive substrings and neither represents an integer divisible by 7. Dividing 0145217 as 0145217 is divisible by any $\mathbf{D}$ because there are no pairs of consecutive substrings.

Given $\mathbf{S}$ and $\mathbf{D}$, count how many divisions of $\mathbf{S}$ exist that are divisible by $\mathbf{D}$. Since the output can be a really big number, we only ask you to output the remainder of dividing the result by the prime $10^{9}+7$ ($1000000007$).

Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $\mathbf{T}$. $\mathbf{T}$ lines follow. Each line represents a test case with a string of digits $\mathbf{S}$ and a positive integer $\mathbf{D}$, as mentioned above.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: y`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1) and $y$ is the number of different divisions of $\mathbf{S}$ that are divisible by $\mathbf{D}$, modulo the prime $10^{9}+7$ ($1000000007$).

Constraints
In Sample Case #2, there are $2^{5}=32$ ways to divide in total. To get two consecutive substrings to not be divisible by 10, we need both of them to not end in 0. The only 2 ways of doing that are $1 \ 001 \ 00$ and $1 \ 001 \ 0 \ 0$, which means the other 30 divisions of $\mathbf{S}$ are divisible by 10.