[GCJ 2021 #2] Retiling

Cody-Jamal's latest artistic installment is a tiled kitchen floor that can be retiled to different patterns. The floor consists of a matrix of $\mathbf{R}$ rows and $\mathbf{C}$ columns of square tiles. Each tile is reversible, one side is magenta and the other one is green.

To retile the kitchen, there are two allowed operations:

* flip a tile, changing its visible color from magenta to green, or vice versa, and
* swap two adjacent tiles (horizontally or vertically, but not diagonally), without flipping either.

Viewing Cody-Jamal's artistic floor is free, but interacting with it is not. Performing a single flip operation costs $\mathbf{F}$ coins, and performing a single swap operation costs $\mathbf{S}$ coins.

You can see the current state of the floor and want to turn it into a particular pattern. What is the minimum amount of coins you need to spend to achieve your goal?

Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $\mathbf{T}$. $\mathbf{T}$ test cases follow. The first line of a test case contains 4 integers: $\mathbf{R}$, $\mathbf{C}$, $\mathbf{F}$ and $\mathbf{S}$, the number of rows and columns of the floor, the cost in coins of flipping and the cost in coins of swapping, respectively. Then, $2 \cdot \mathbf{R}$ lines follow. The first $\mathbf{R}$ lines contain $\mathbf{C}$ characters each. The $j$-th character of the $i$-th of these lines represents the current state of the tile in the $i$-th row and $j$-th column. The character is $\mathsf{M}$ if the currently visible side is magenta and $\mathsf{G}$ otherwise. The last $\mathbf{R}$ lines also contain $\mathbf{C}$ characters each. The $j$-th character of the $i$-th of these lines represents the color you want for the tile in the $i$-th row and $j$-th column, using the same character code as for the current state.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: y`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1) and $y$ is the minimum amount of coins you need to spend to perform operations that allow you to change the tile colors from their current state to your intended one.

Constraints
- $\mathbf{F}=1$.
- $\mathbf{S}=1$.