[GCJ 2017 Finals] Operation

Here at Code Jam, we love to play a game called "Operation". (No, it has nothing to do with surgery; why would you think that?) The game is played with cards, each card is labeled with a basic arithmetic operation (addition, subtraction, multiplication or division) $\mathbf{O}_i$ and an integer right operand $\mathbf{V}_i$ for that operation. For example, a card might say $+\ 0$, or $-\ -2$, or $/\ -4$ — note that operands can be negative or zero, although a card with a division operation will never have 0 as an operand.

In each round of the game, a starting integer value $\mathbf{S}$ is chosen, and a set of $\mathbf{C}$ cards is laid out. The player must choose an order for the cards, using each card exactly once. After that, the operations are applied, in order, to the starting value $\mathbf{S}$, and a final result is obtained.

Although all of the operands on the cards are integers, the operations are executed on rational numbers. For instance, suppose that the initial value is $5$, and the cards are $+\ 1, -\ 2, *\ 3$, and $/\ -2$. If we put them in the order given above, the final result is $(5 + 1 - 2) * 3 / (-2) = -6$. Notice that the operations are performed in the order given by the cards, disregarding any operator precedence. On the other hand, if we choose the order $-\ 2, /\ -2, +\ 1, *\ 3$, the result is $((5 - 2) / (-2) + 1) * 3 = -3 / 2$. That example turns out to be the maximum possible value for this set of cards.

Given a set of cards, can you figure out the maximum possible final value that can be obtained? Please give the result as an irreducible fraction with a positive denominator.

Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $\mathbf{T}$. $\mathbf{T}$ test cases follow. Each case begins with one line with two integers $\mathbf{S}$ and $\mathbf{C}$: the starting value for the game, and the number of cards. Then, $\mathbf{C}$ lines follow. The i-th of these lines represents one card, and contains one character $\mathbf{O}_i$ representing the operation (which is either +, -, *, or /) and one integer $\mathbf{V}_i$ representing the operand.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: y z`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1), and $y$ and $z$ are integers such that $y/z$ is the maximum possible final value of the game, $y$ and $z$ do not have common divisors other than $1$ and $-1$, and $z$ is strictly greater than $0$.

Constraints
