[GCJ 2012 #1C] Out of Gas

Your car is out of gas, and you want to get home as quickly as possible! Fortunately, your home is at the bottom of a hill and you (in your car) are at the top of it. Unfortunately, there is a car in front of you, and you can't move past it. Fortunately, your brakes are working and they are very powerful.

You start at the top of the hill with speed $0 \, \text{m/s}$ at time $0$ seconds. Gravity is pulling your car down the hill with a constant acceleration. At any time, you can use your brakes to reduce your speed, or temporarily reduce your acceleration, by any amount.

How quickly can you reach your home if you use your brakes in the best possible way?

Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow. The first line of each test case contains three space-separated numbers: a real-valued number $D$, the distance in meters to your home down the hill; and two integers, $N$ and $A$. The distance $D$ will be given in exactly 6 decimal places.

$N$ lines follow, each of which contains two space-separated, real-valued numbers: a time $t_i$ in seconds, and a position $x_i$ in meters. The $t_i$ and $x_i$ values will be given in exactly 6 decimal places.

One line follows, with $A$ space-separated, real-valued numbers $a_i$, which are accelerations in $\text{m/s}^2$. The accelerations will be given in exactly 2 decimal places.

The other car's position is specified by the $(t_i, x_i)$ pairs. The car's position at time $t_i$ seconds is $x_i$ meters measured from the top of the hill (i.e. your initial position). The car travels at constant speed between time $t_i$ and $t_{i+1}$. The positions and times will both be given in increasing order, with $t_0=0$.

For example, if $t_5=10$, $x_5=20$, $t_6=20$, $x_6=40$, then 10 seconds after the start, the other car is 20 meters down the hill; 15 seconds after the start, the other car is 30 meters down the hill; and 20 seconds after the start, the other car is 40 meters down the hill.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing "Case #$c$:", where $c$ is the case number (starting from 1). Then output $A$ lines, the $i^{\text{th}}$ of which contains the minimum number of seconds it takes you to reach your home if your acceleration down the hill due to gravity is $a_i$, and you use your brakes in the best possible way. Answers within an absolute or relative error of $10^{-6}$ of the correct answer will be accepted. There should be no blank lines in the output.

Constraints
**Distance on the slope:** All the distances and accelerations are given with respect to the straight line down the hill. They are not, for example, horizontal distances; so if your car is accelerating at $2 \, \text{m/s}^2$ with an initial speed of $0 \, \text{m/s}$, and the other car is stopped at $x=1$, it will take exactly 1 second to reach the other car.
- $t_0 = 0$