[OOI 2024] Burenka and Pether

Once upon a time, the princess of Burlyandia, Burenka, decided to please her friend ReLu. Knowing that ReLu shares her interest in cryptocurrency, Burenka decided to create her own blockchain cryptocurrency called $\texttt{Pether}$.

After taking courses and training from an expert coach in personal growth in cybersecurity, Burenka decided that the currency $\texttt{Pether}$ should be protected in the best possible way. As a result, due to incredibly complex and convoluted restrictions, not all users can exchange $\texttt{Pether}$ with each other.

The structure of the $\texttt{Pether}$ blockchain currency is indeed complex and convoluted. All users are numbered with integers from $1$ to $n$. Each user is assigned a $\textbf{unique}$ identifier $a_{i}$. Also, the currency has a security parameter $d$.

User $i$ can directly transfer currency to user $j$ only if $i < j$ and $a_i < a_j$. But that's not enough! Direct currency transfer between users occurs through a chain of transactions involving some number of intermediate users. During each transaction, the number of each subsequent intermediate user (including the last user $j$) must increase, but not by more than $d$. Also, all intermediate users except $i$ and $j$ must have an identifier strictly less than $a_i$.

More formally, user $i$ can directly transfer cryptocurrency to user $j$ if the following conditions are met:
- It is satisfied that $i < j$
- It is satisfied that $a_{i} < a_{j}$
- There exists a sequence of intermediate users $x$ of length $k$ such that:
    - $i = x_1 < x_2 < \ldots < x_{k-1} < x_{k} = j$
    - For all $1 \le t \le k - 1$, it is true that $x_{t + 1} - x_{t} \le d$
    - For all $2 \le t \le k - 1$, it is true that $a_{x_t} < a_{i}$

Burenka asks you, her acquaintance programmer, to understand this system and find out for some pairs of users how to transfer $\texttt{Pether}$ to each other.

You need to answer $q$ queries. In each query, you need to determine whether there is a sequence of direct currency transfers (possibly through intermediate users) that allows transferring $\texttt{Pether}$ from user $u_i$ to user $v_i$. In some queries, it is also necessary to minimize the number of direct currency transfers in the process of sending currency from $u_i$ to $v_i$. Please note that it is not necessary to minimize the number of transactions during each direct transfer.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $d$, and $g$ $(1 \leq n, d \leq 300\,000, 0 \leq g \leq 12)$ --- the number of users, the security parameter, and the test group number.

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1,\ a_2,\ \ldots,\ a_n$ $(1 \leq a_{i} \leq n)$ --- user identifiers. It is guaranteed that all numbers $a_i$ are $\textbf{distinct}$.

The third line contains a single integer $q$ $(1 \leq q \leq 300\,000)$ --- the number of queries.

The next $q$ lines contain three integers each $t_{i},\ u_{i},\ v_{i}$ $(t_{i}\in \{1, 2\}, 1 \leq u_{i} < v_{i} \leq n)$, where $u_i$ is the user who should transfer the currency, and $v_i$ is the user who should receive the currency. If $t_i = 1$, then it is necessary to determine whether it is possible to transfer the currency, and if $t_i = 2$, then it is also necessary to minimize the number of direct currency transfers.

Output
Output $q$ lines, where the $i$-th line should contain the answer to the $i$-th query.

If it is not possible to transfer the currency from user $u_i$ to user $v_i$, then output 0 as the answer to the $i$-th query. Otherwise, if $t_i = 1$, output 1, and if $t_i = 2$, output the minimum number of direct currency transfers required to transfer $\texttt{Pether}$ from $u_i$ to $v_i$.

Constraints
In the second query, a direct transfer between users with indices $1$ and $2$ is not possible, as $a_{1} = 2 > a_{2} = 1$.
In the third query, it is possible to transfer the currency from user $1$ to user $4$ with two direct transfers, first transferring the currency from user $1$ to user $3$, and then from $3$ to $4$. Since $t_3 = 1$, it is only necessary to determine the possibility of transferring the currency, so the answer to the query is 1.
| 4 | 10 | -- | $q = 1$ | $v_i = n$ | -- | |
| 6 | 7 | -- | -- | $t_i=2$ | -- | The answer does not exceed $10$ |
| 7 | 7 | -- | -- | $t_i=2$ | 1, 6 | The answer does not exceed $150$ |
| 8 | 13 | -- | -- | $t_i = 1$ | -- | |