[NWRRC 2023] Intersegment Activation

This is an interactive problem.

There is an array of $n$ cells, numbered from $1$ to $n$. For each pair of integers $(i, j)$, where $1 \le i \le j \le n$, there is a barrier covering all cells from $i$ to $j$, inclusive. Each barrier is either $\textit{active}$ or $\textit{inactive}$. A cell is $\textit{visible}$ if there are no active barriers that cover it. Otherwise, the cell is $\textit{invisible}$.

The state of each barrier is unknown to you. All you can observe is the number of visible cells. But you can flip the state of any barrier: if it's active, it turns inactive, and the other way around. Your task is to make all barriers inactive, so that all cells become visible.

### Interaction Protocol

First, read an integer $n$, denoting the number of cells ($1 \le n \le 10$).

The following interaction will proceed in rounds. Your program should start each round by reading an integer $k$, denoting the number of currently visible cells ($0 \le k \le n$).

- If $k = n$, then the task is done and your program must exit. 
- If $k < n$, you can flip the state of any barrier. On a separate line, print two integers $i$ and $j$ to flip the state of the $(i, j)$ barrier ($1 \le i \le j \le n$). After your query, the next round begins, and your program should read a new value of $k$.

Your solution must make all cells visible using at most $2500$ flips. In the beginning, not all cells are visible ($k < n$ in the first round).

The interactor is not adaptive: in every test, the state of all barriers is chosen before the program execution.

Input
See Interaction Protocol.

Output
See Interaction Protocol.

Constraints
- After flipping the $(2, 2)$ barrier, there are now three active barriers, and still $k = 0$ visible cells.
- After flipping the $(1, 2)$ barrier, cell $1$ becomes visible, so now there is $k = 1$ visible cell.
- After flipping the $(2, 3)$ barrier, cell $3$ also becomes visible. The only invisible cell now is $2$, covered by the only active barrier, $(2, 2)$, and there are $k = 2$ visible cells.
- After flipping the $(2, 2)$ barrier, all barriers are now inactive, and all cells are visible. After reading $k = 3$, the program terminates.