[eJOI 2025] Vacation

Anton and his friends are planning a vacation together. They have already chosen the location; however, the dates are harder to agree on.

All $N$ friends have submitted in advance the days they plan to take off work. Friend $i$ originally scheduled their time off from day $L_i$ to day $R_i$, inclusive. To maximize the time they can spend together, each friend may adjust their time off by shifting it earlier or later. Specifically, the $i$-th friend can choose an integer $d_i$ and move their time off to the interval $[L_i + d_i, R_i + d_i]$. A positive $d_i$ means taking time off later than originally planned, a negative $d_i$ means earlier, and $d_i = 0$ means keeping the original schedule.

The friends recognize that their bosses will not like the disruption caused by their changes. Therefore, they will only move their days off in a way such that the total movement of the intervals does not exceed some integer $K$. Formally, they have to satisfy $|d_0| + |d_1| + \cdots + |d_{N-1}| \leq K$.

Help the friends figure out the maximum number of days all of them can be together if they change their schedules optimally.

### Implementation details

You should implement the function `plan_vacation`:

```cpp
int plan_vacation(int N, std::vector<int> L, std::vector<int> R, long long K)
```

- $N$: the number of friends
- $L$: a vector of $N$ positive integers, each of which denotes the first day off originally scheduled for that friend;
- $R$: a vector of $N$ positive integers, each of which denotes the last day off originally scheduled for that friend;
- $K$: the maximum allowed value of $|d_0| + |d_1| + \cdots + |d_{N-1}|$.

This function will be called once for each test. It has to return the maximum number of days all friends can be together or 0 if that isn't possible at all.

Input
The input format is the following:

- line 1: two integers – the values of $N$ and $K$.
- lines 2 to $N + 1$: two integers – $L_i$ and $R_i$.

Output
The output format is the following:

- line 1: one integer – the return value of the call.

Constraints
The friends have requested the following intervals of days off: $[1, 3]$, $[5, 9]$, $[2, 5]$. Therefore, friend 0 can move their time off to 2 days later and friend 1 their time off to 1 day earlier to get $[3, 5]$, $[4, 8]$, $[2, 5]$. Then, all friends would be available on day 4 and day 5, which results in 2 days in common. It can be proven that they can't do better with $K = 3$. Therefore, the function should return 2.
### Constraints
- $1 \leq N \leq 500\,000$
- $1 \leq L_i \leq R_i \leq 10^9$
- $0 \leq K \leq 10^{18}$
### Subtasks
| Subtask | Points | Required subtasks | Additional constraints |
| :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| 0 | 0 | - | The example. |
| 1 | 7 | - | $K = 0$ |
| 2 | 11 | 1 | $K \leq 1$ |
| 3 | 6 | - | $K = 10^{18}$ |
| 4 | 13 | 0 | $N \leq 10^4$, $L_i \leq 10$, $R_i \leq 10$ |
| 5 | 18 | 0 | $N \leq 10^3$ |
| 6 | 29 | 0, 4, 5 | $N \leq 10^5$ |
| 7 | 16 | 0 - 6 | - |