[ZJCPC 2017] Yet Another Game of Stones

Alice and Bob are playing yet another game of stones. The rules of this game are as follow:

- The game starts with $n$ piles of stones indexed from $1$ to $n$. The $i$-th pile contains $a_i$ stones and a special constraint indicated as $b_i$.
- The players make their moves alternatively. $\textbf{The allowable moves for the two players are different}$.
- An allowable move of Bob is considered as removal of some positive number of stones from a pile.
- An allowable move of Alice is also considered as removal of some positive number of stones from a pile, but is limited by the constraint $b_i$ of that pile.
  - If $b_i=0$, there are no constraints.
  - If $b_i=1$, Alice can only remove some odd number of stones from that pile.
  - If $b_i=2$, Alice can only remove some even number of stones from that pile.
  
  Please note that there are no constraints on Bob.
- The player who is unable to make an allowable move loses.

Alice is always the first to make a move. Do you know who will win the game if they both play optimally?

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of input contains an integer $T$, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case:

The first line contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^5$), indicating the number of piles.

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1,a_2,\dots,a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$), indicating the number of stones in each pile.

The third line of each test case contains $n$ integers $b_1,b_2,\dots,b_n$ ($0 \le b_i \le 2$), indicating the special constraint of each pile.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

We kindly remind you that this problem contains large I/O file, so it's recommended to use a faster I/O method. For example, you can use scanf/printf instead of cin/cout in C++.

Output
For each test case, output "Alice" (without the quotes) if Alice will win the game. Otherwise, output "Bob" (without the quotes).

Constraints
