[ICPC 2025 Xi'an R] Catch the Monster

A prehistoric monster has arrived on Earth via Dr. Peter's time machine. You need to help Dr. Peter catch it.

The monster hides in a forest with $n$ vertices and $m$ edges. Here, a forest is an acyclic undirected graph that may consist of multiple trees. You can perform the following operations to catch the monster:

- First, you choose a vertex $x$ ($1\le x\le n$).
- Then, if the monster is currently at vertex $x$, it is caught.
- Otherwise, the monster remains uncaught, and it may move to any adjacent vertex to its current vertex after the operation, except vertex $x$. Or it may choose not to move and stay at the same vertex.

We define a forest as $\textit{nice}$ if and only if there exists a finite sequence $a$ of vertices, such that regardless of the monster's initial position and how it moves, performing operations by selecting vertices in the order of $a$ can guarantee that the monster will be caught.

Now, you need to answer $q$ questions from Dr. Peter. In each question, he gives you an interval $[l, r]$ ($1\le l\le r\le n$). You need to tell him whether the subforest induced by the vertices whose indices are in $[l, r]$ (i.e., the graph formed by retaining only these vertices and the edges between them) is $\textit{nice}$.

Input
The first line of the input contains three integers $n$, $m$, and $q$ ($2 \le n \le 10^6$, $1\le m\le n-1$, $1\le q \le 10^6$), where $n$ is the number of vertices in the forest, $m$ in the number of edges in the forest, and $q$ is the number of queries.

The next $m$ lines of the input each contain two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$, $u \neq v$), representing an edge in the forest.

The next $q$ lines of the input each contain two integers $l$ and $r$ ($1 \le l \le r \le n$), representing a query.

Output
For each query, output a single line $\texttt{Yes}$ if the subforest is $\textit{nice}$; otherwise, output a single line $\texttt{No}$.

You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings $\texttt{yEs}$, $\texttt{yes}$, $\texttt{Yes}$, and $\texttt{YES}$ will be recognized as positive responses.

Constraints
