[ICPC 2024 Seoul R] Palindromic Length

A string is called a **palindrome** if it is read the same forward and backward. Palindromes are useful factors for measuring the complexity of strings like the asymmetry of the strings. The asymmetry of a string $ S $ of length $ n $ can be measured by its **palindromic length**, $ \text{PL}(S) $, which is the minimum number of palindromic substrings into which $ S $ can be partitioned. More precisely, $ \text{PL}(S) $ is the minimum number $ t $ ($ 1 \leq t \leq n $) such that there exist palindromic substrings $ S_1, S_2, \dots, S_t $ whose concatenation $ S_1S_2 \cdots S_t $ becomes $ S $. To make it easier to distinguish, we denote a partition of $ S $ into $ S_1, S_2, \dots, S_t $ as $ S_1 \mid S_2 \mid \cdots \mid S_t $.

For example, a string $ S = \text{abaaca} $ can be partitioned into two palindromic substrings as $ \text{aba} \mid \text{aca} $, that is the minimum, so $ \text{PL}(\text{abaaca}) = 2 $. A string $ \text{acaba} $ cannot be partitioned into two palindromic substrings, but it can be partitioned into three palindromic substrings, $ S = \text{aca} \mid \text{b} \mid \text{a} $ or $ S = \text{a} \mid \text{c} \mid \text{aba} $, so $ \text{PL}(\text{acaba}) = 3 $. For $ S = \text{radar} $, $ \text{PL}(S) = 1 $ because $ S $ is a palindrome. $ \text{PL}(S) = 5 $ for $ S = \text{abcde} $.

Given a non-empty string $ S $ of English lowercase letters, write a program to output $ \text{PL}(S) $.

Input
Your program is to read from standard input. The input starts with a line containing a positive integer $ n $ ($ 1 \leq n \leq 100,000 $), where $ n $ is the number of letters of a string. The next line contains a string of $ n $ English lowercase letters. Note that the string contains no space between the letters.

Output
Your program is to write to standard output. Print exactly one line. The line should contain a positive integer which is the palindromic length $ \text{PL}(S) $ of the input string $ S $.

Constraints
