[ICPC 2022 Yokohama R] Traveling Salesperson in an Island

You are a salesperson at one of the ports in an island. You have to visit all the ports of the island and then come back to the starting port. Because you cannot swim and are scared of the sea, you have to stay on the land during your journey.

The island is modeled as a polygon on a two-dimensional plane. The polygon is *simple*, that is, its vertices are distinct and no two edges intersect or touch, other than consecutive edges which touch at their common vertex. In addition, no two consecutive edges are collinear. Each port in the island is modeled as a point on the boundary of the polygon. Your route is modeled as a closed curve that does not go outside of the polygon.

In preparation for the journey, you would like to compute the minimum length of a route to visit all the ports and return to the starting port.

Input
The input consists of a single test case of the following format.

$$
\begin{aligned}
&n \ m \\
&x_1 \ y_1 \\
&\vdots \\
&x_n \ y_n \\
&x'_1 \ y'_1 \\
&\vdots \\
&x'_m \ y'_m
\end{aligned}
$$

The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$, which satisfy $3 \leq n \leq 100$ and $2 \leq m \leq 100$. Here, $n$ is the number of vertices of the polygon modeling the island, and $m$ is the number of the ports in the island. Each of the next $n$ lines consists of two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$, which are the coordinates of the $i$-th vertex of the polygon, where $0 \leq x_i \leq 1000$ and $0 \leq y_i \leq 1000$. The vertices of the polygon are given in counterclockwise order. Each of the $m$ following lines consists of two integers $x'_j$ and $y'_j$, which are the coordinates of the $j$-th port. The route starts and ends at $(x'_1, y'_1)$. It is guaranteed that all the ports are on the boundary of the polygon and pairwise distinct.

Output
Output in a line the minimum length of a route to visit all the ports and return to the starting port. The relative error of the output must be within $10^{-6}$.

Constraints
