[POI 2009] SLW-Words

Let $h$ be a function acting on strings composed of the digits 0 and 1. The function $h$ transforms the string $w$ by replacing (independently and concurrently) every digit 0 with 1 and every digit 1 with the string "10". For example $h("1001") = "101110"$, $h("") = ""$ (i.e. $h$ assigns an empty string to the empty string). Note that $h$ is an injection, or a one - to - one function. By $h^k$ we denote the function $h$ composed with itself $k$ times. In particular, $h^0$ is the identity function $h^0(w)=w$.

We are interested in the strings of the form $h^k("0")$ for $k = 0,1,2,3,\cdots$. This sequence begins with the following strings:

"0", "1", "10", "101", "10110", "10110101".

We call the string $x$ a substring of the string $y$ if it occurs in $y$ as a contiguous (i.e. one - block) subsequence. A sequence of integers $k_1,k_2,\cdots,k_n$ is given. Your task is to check whether a string of the form $h^{k_1}("0") \cdot h^{k_2}("0") \cdots h^{k_n}("0")$ is a substring of $h^m("0")$ for some $m$.

Input
The first line of the standard input contains a single integer $t$, $1 \leq t \leq 13$, denoting the number of test units. The first line of each test unit's description contains one integer $n$, $1 \leq n \leq 100000$. The second line of each description holds $n$ non - negative integers $k_1,k_2,\cdots,k_n$, separated by single spaces. The sum of the numbers in the second line of any test unit description does not exceed 10000000.

Output
Your programme should print out $t$ lines to the standard output, one for each test unit. Each line corresponding to a test unit should contain one word: TAK (yes in Polish - if $h^{k_1}("0") \cdot h^{k_2}("0") \cdots h^{k_n}("0")$ is a substring of $h^m("0")$ for some $m$ in that test unit, or NIE (no in Polish) otherwise.

Constraints
