[COCI 2017/2018 #5] Pictionary

There is a planet, in a yet undiscovered part of the universe, with a country inhabited solely
by mathematicians. In this country, there are a total of ​N mathematicians, and the interesting
fact is that each mathematician lives in their own city. Is it also interesting that no two cities
are connected with a road, because mathematicians can communicate online or by
reviewing academic papers. Naturally, the cities are labeled with numbers from 1 to ​N.

Life was perfect until one mathematician decided to write an academic paper on their
smartphone. The smartphone auto-corrected the word “self-evident” to “Pictionary” and the
paper was published as such. Soon after, the entire country discovered pictionary and
wanted to meet up and play, so construction work on roads between cities began shortly.
.
The road construction will last a total of ​M days, according to the following schedule: on the
first day, construction is done on roads between all pairs of cities that have ​M as their
greatest common divisor. On the second day, construction is done on roads between all
pairs of cities that have ​M-1 as their greatest common divisor, and so on until the ​$M^{th}$ day
when construction is done on roads between all pairs of cities that are co-prime. More
formally, on the $i^{th}$ day, construction is done on roads between cities ​a and ​b if ​gcd(a, b) = $M-i+1$.

Since the mathematicians are busy with construction work, they’ve asked you to help them
determine the minimal number of days before a given pair of mathematicians can play
pictionary together.

Input
The first line of input contains three positive integers ​N, M
and ​Q
(1 ≤ ​N
, ​Q ≤ 100 000, 1 ≤ ​M
≤ ​N
), the number of cities, the number of days it takes to build the roads, and the number of
queries.

Each of the following ​Q lines contains two distinct positive integers ​A and ​B
(1 ≤ ​A
, ​B ≤ ​N
)
that denote the cities of the mathematicians who want to find out the minimal number of days
before they can play pictionary together.

Output
The $i^{th}$ line must contain the minimal number of days before the mathematicians from the $i^{th}$ query can play pictionary together.

Constraints
≤ 1000, ​Q
≤ 100 000.