[USACO15DEC] Bessie's Dream G

After eating too much fruit in Farmer John's kitchen, Bessie the cow is getting some very strange dreams! In her most recent dream, she is trapped in a maze in the shape of an $N×M$ grid of tiles $(1≤N,M≤1,000)$. She starts on the top-left tile and wants to get to the bottom-right tile. When she is standing on a tile, she can potentially move to the adjacent tiles in any of the four cardinal directions.

But wait! Each tile has a color, and each color has a different property! Bessie's head hurts just thinking about it:

- If a tile is **red**, then it is impassable.

- If a tile is **pink**, then it can be walked on normally.

- If a tile is **orange**, then it can be walked on normally, but will make Bessie smell like oranges.

- If a tile is **blue**, then it contains piranhas that will only let Bessie pass if she smells like oranges.

- If a tile is **purple**, then Bessie will slide to the next tile in that direction (unless she is unable to cross it). If this tile is also a purple tile, then Bessie will continue to slide until she lands on a non-purple tile or hits an impassable tile. Sliding through a tile counts as a move. **Purple tiles will also remove Bessie's smell.**

(If you're confused about purple tiles, the example will illustrate their use.)

Please help Bessie get from the top-left to the bottom-right in as few moves as possible.

Input
The first line has two integers $N$ and $M$, representing the number of rows and columns of the maze.

The next $N$ lines have $M$ integers each, representing the maze:

- The integer '0' is a red tile

- The integer '1' is a pink tile

- The integer '2' is an orange tile

- The integer '3' is a blue tile

- The integer '4' is a purple tile 

The top-left and bottom-right integers will always be '1'.

Output
A single integer, representing the minimum number of moves Bessie must use to cross the maze, or -1 if it is impossible to do so.

Constraints
