[JOI 2023 Final] 现代机器 / Modern Machine

Bitaro is given JOI machine as a birthday present. JOI machine consists of one ball, $N$ light tiles, and $M$
buttons. The light tiles are numbered from $1$ to $N$. When Bitaro turns the power on, Light tile $i$ ($1 \leq i \leq N$) emit light of color $C_i$ (blue ($\texttt B$) or red ($\texttt R$)). The buttons are numbered from $1$ to $M$. If Bitaro pushes Button $j$ ($1 \leq j \leq M$), the following happen.
1. The ball is placed on Light tile $A_j$.
2. Light tile $A_j$ becomes red (regardless of its original color).
3. The following operations are performed until the ball is removed.  
    Let $p$ be the index of the light tile where the ball is currently placed.    
    - If Light tile $p$ is blue,  
    Light tile $p$ becomes red. After that, if $p = 1$, the ball is removed. Otherwise, the ball moves to
Light tile $p − 1$.  
    - If Light tile $p$ is red,  
    Light tile $p$ becomes blue. After that, if $p = N$, the ball is removed. Otherwise, the ball moves
to Light tile $p + 1$.

Bitaro is interested in JOI machine. He plans to perform $Q$ experiments. In the $k$-th experiment ($1 \leq k \leq Q$),
after Bitaro turns the power on, Bitaro pushes Buttons $L_k, L_{k}+1,\dots , R_k$ in this order. After Bitaro pushes a button, he will not push the next button and wait until the ball is removed.

Given information of JOI machine and the experiments, write a program which calculates, for each experi-
ment, the number of light tiles whose colors are red when the experiment finishes.

Input
Read the following data from the standard input.
> $N$ $M$  
> $C_1\ C_2 \dots C_N$  
> $A_1\ A_2 \dots A_M$  
> $Q$  
> $L_1\ R_1$  
> $L_2\ R_2$  
> $\dots$  
> $L_Q\ R_Q$

Output
Write $Q$ lines to the standard output. In the $k$-th line ($1 \leq k \leq Q$), the output should contain the number of light tiles whose colors are red when the $k$-th experiment finishes.

Constraints
**【Constraints】**
For all test cases, it is guaranteed that:
- $3 \leq N \leq 1.2 \times 10^5$；
- $1 \leq M \leq 1.2 \times 10^5$；
- $C_i \in \{\texttt{B},\texttt{R}\}$；
- $1 \leq A_j \leq N$；
- $1 \leq Q \leq 1.2 \times 10^5$；
- $1 \leq L_k \leq R_k \leq M$；
- $N, M, A_j, Q, L_k, R_k$ are all integers。
**【Subtasks】**
**Subtasks are used in this problem**。
1. (3 points) $N,M \leq 300$，$Q = 1$。
2. (12 points) $N, M \leq 7000$，$Q = 1$。
3. (10 points) $Q \leq 5$。
4. (11 points) $N = 10$，$C_i = \texttt R$。
5. (26 points) There exists a positive integer $t \in [0, N]$，is guaranteed that $1 \leq i \leq t$，$C_i = \texttt R$；And $\forall t < i \leq N$，$C_i = \texttt B$。
6. (17 points) $A_j \leq 20$ or $A_j > N - 20$。
7. (21 points) No more constraints。