[ICPC 2018 Qingdao R] Kawa Exam

BaoBao is taking an online exam of the Kawa programming language, which consists of $n$ multiple choice questions. The exam is not easy, as for each question, BaoBao needs to select the one and only one correct answer from $10^5$ available choices! But don't worry, as an active committer of the famous \textit{open-kdk}, BaoBao obviously knows all the correct answers.

Although BaoBao is an expert in Kawa, the developers of the exam system are definitely not experts in software engineering. There are $m$ bugs in the exam system, and the $i$-th bug can be described as $(u_i, v_i)$, which means that BaoBao must select the same choice for question $u_i$ and $v_i$ (even if the choice he selects is incorrect!).

Time is limited, and the exam must go on. The developers only have time to fix one bug. Now the developers are wondering, for all $1 \le i \le m$, what's the maximum possible number of questions BaoBao can correctly answer if they fix the $i$-th bug. Please write a program to solve this problem so that the developers can select a proper bug to fix.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case:

The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n \le 10^5$, $1 \le m \le 10^5$), indicating the number of questions and the number of bugs.

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^5$), where $a_i$ indicates the correct answer for question $i$.

For the following $m$ lines, the $i$-th line has two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ ($1 \le u_i, v_i \le n$), indicating the $i$-th bug.

It's guaranteed that neither the sum of $n$ nor the sum of $m$ over all test cases will exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case output one line containing $m$ integers $c_1, c_2, \dots, c_m$ separated by a space, where $c_i$ indicates the maximum possible number of questions BaoBao can correctly answer if the $i$-th bug is fixed.

Please, DO NOT output extra spaces at the end of each line, or your answer may be considered incorrect!

Constraints
