B. Time of Trial

Enia is in danger! Evil dark mage Deimos invaded from another world, and not alone, but with countless army of darkness. Court magician Irdis had failed to defeat Deimos in the magic duel, so he hid in the basement of the palace and decided to step back through a portal to call one his old acquaintance for help. But such a turn is not in Deimos' plans, so he wants not to release his opponent alive.

Irdis knows n different spells to create a portal, any of which is acceptable to get away from Deimos. But at the same moment when Irdis started to whisper the words of one of these spells, Deimos realised the opponent's plan. Deimos knows which exactly spells of portal creation are known by Irdis. Deimos can block each of these spells. Once a spell is blocked, it's impossible to use this spell within the palace, so some different spell should be used to escape. Irdis spends a i seconds to read the i -th spell, and Deimos needs b i seconds to block this spell. If Irdis finishes reading the spell, which has not been already blocked by Deimos, the portal will open and Irdis will be able to leave the palace. Deimos can read the blocking spell even in the case when Irdis hasn't started the corresponding portal spell yet. Neither Irdis nor Deimos knows which spell is now being read by another mage.

Can Deimos acts so that Irdis will not be able to leave with guarantee?

Input
The first line contains the single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5) — the number of the portal spells Irdis has. Then in the second line there are n integers separated by the spaces: a i (1 ≤ a i ≤ 10 9) — the time required to read the i -th portal spell by Irdis. In the third line, analogically, there are n integers separated by the spaces: b i (1 ≤ b i ≤ 10 9) — the time required for Deimos to block the i -th spell.

Output
In the only line output « Redemption » (without quotes), if for any actions of Deimos Irdis has a chance to escape. Otherwise, if there exists a sequence of Deimos' actions for which Irdis is guaranteed to be unable to leave, output « Dire victory » (without quotes).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes