E. Egotistical Command Chain

The ICPC is an organization made up of lots of competitive programmers, but it's very chaotic, so you have been tasked with assigning a command chain. A command chain can be seen as a directed graph where the vertex ($i,j$) indicates that the $i$ -th competitive programmer can give orders to the $j$ -th competitive programmer.

You know competitive programmers are very egotistical people, so they will be mad unless they have power over at least $a_{i}$ people (this number can be different for each person). But if they have control over more than $a_{i}$ persons, they will go mad with power, so you want to make the command chain so that every person has control over exactly $a_{i}$ persons. You also don't want to have a cycle, that means, a path following the edges of the graph, such that you begin and end on the same person.

We say a person $i$ has power over a person $j$ if there is a sequence of people $b_{1},b_{2},\ldots,b_{k}$ such that $b_{1}=i$, $b_{k}=j$, and $b_{h}$ can give orders to $b_{h+1}$ for all $1\leq h < k$. Notice that a person always has power over itself.

To save resources, and so it is not that complicated, you can use at most $10^{6}$ edges on your graph.

Input
The first line of input contains an integer $N$ ($1 \leq N \leq 10^{5}$) — The number of people in the organization. The second line of input contains $N$ integers $a_{i}$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq N$) ($a_{1}+a_{2}+\ldots+a_{N}\leq 10^{6}$) — The $i$ -th integer is the number of people that the $i$ -th programmer must have power over.

Output
If it's impossible to create the command chain with the restrictions of the problem, print -1. Otherwise, print $m$ — The number of edges in your graph. On the next $m$ lines print two integers $u_{i}$ and $v_{i}$ indicating that $u_{i}$ can give orders to $v_{i}$. It can be proven that with the conditions of the problem, it is possible to construct the graph with at most $10^{6}$ edges.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes