D. DRX vs. T1

The League of Legends Worlds Championship, Worlds for short, is the culminating event in the LoL Esports season and decides the ultimate global League of Legends Champion.

Worlds 2022 has been a great tournament thus far. We have seen the legend, Faker, rise once more and the surprise of the DRX run. There have also been massive collapses from other teams like Gen.G and JDG. Regardless, we are in for a compelling Worlds 2022 Finals, which kicks off on November 6 at 08:00 (UTC+8) in San Francisco as DRX and T1 face off.

Being the clear favorite for winning the Finals, T1 has performed dominantly in most games and has found its stride coming into the tournament. They have taken down RNG and JDG, two LPL heavyweights, and are now poised to add another trophy to their cabinet.

On the other side, DRX has practically come out of nowhere. From almost not making Worlds 2022, fighting their way through the Regionals and Play-ins to the Finals. It is a Cinderella run that DRX is on, and they have been doubted at every step of the tournament. With a lot to prove and Deft reaching the Finals in his swan song, winning the trophy might be the best send-off any player can wish for.

As we countdown to a battle for the all-new trophy, you will be given the predicted result of the Finals and required to find which team wins the championship under the prediction. A team must win three out of five games to win the championship, so the predicted result of the Finals is a string of length $5$ containing only $\text{D}$s, $\text{T}$s, and $\text{?}$s. The $i$-th character in the string points out who wins the $i$-th game, where $\text{D}$ means DRX wins the game, $\text{T}$ means T1 wins the game, and $\text{?}$ means no more games are needed since some team has already won $3$ games and become the champion.

Input
The only line contains a single string of length $5$ containing only $\text{D}$s, $\text{T}$s, and $\text{?}$s, indicating the predicted result of the Worlds 2022 Finals. It is guaranteed that the predicted result is a valid BO5 result, that is, no $\text{?}$s are before any $\text{D}$s and $\text{T}$s, and there exists a team who wins exactly three games.

Output
Output a line containing a single string, indicating the team that wins the champion under the prediction. That is, if DRX wins the champion, output " DRX " (without quotes), and if T1 wins, output " T1 " (without quotes).

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes