K. League of Demacia

The war is about to start between Demacia and Noxus. Noxus's army has n soldiers. Noxus's soldiers are stronger than Demacia's soldiers, so Demacia's soldiers can win only if their number is larger than the number of Noxus's soldiers.

Lux is a magical girl from Demacia, she decided to help her city's army! Lux can shoot an infinite laser in a straight line with a width equal to z and can kill all the enemies in the path! Lux can send the laser only one time, so she needs to kill at least m soldiers to help Demacia's soldiers win the fight.

Lux stands at the point (0, 0) and she knows the positions of every soldier from Noxus, she wants to know if she can help Demacia's army to win the war. Can you help her?

Input
The first line contains an integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 100) specifying the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains two integers n and m, and a floating point number z (1 ≤ n, m ≤ 1000, 0 < z ≤ 30000), in which n is the number of soldiers in Noxus's army, m is the minimum number of soldiers Lux must kill, and z is the width of Lux's laser. Then n lines follow describe each Noxus's Soldier, in which the i th line contains 2 integers x i, y i ( - 10 4 ≤ x i, y i ≤ 10 4), representing the coordinates of the i th soldier. It is guaranteed that no two soldiers share the same pair of coordinates, neither with Lux's position.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing " Yes " (without quotes) if Demacia's army can win. Otherwise, print " No " (without quotes).

Constraints
time limit per test 4 s
memory limit per test 256 megabytes