C. Minimax Tree

Bob's new favourite toy is a rooted tree that consists of n vertices numbered from 1 to n. The number of the root vertex is 1. The tree has l leafs (the root is not considered to be a leaf). Each leaf of the tree has an integer written in it.

This birthday Bob received n - l stickers as a gift: k of them are labelled " min ", and the other n - l - k are labelled " max ". Bob has decided to place the stickers on the internal vertices of the tree, a single sticker on each internal vertex.

Once he has placed all the stickers on the tree, Bob would like to calculate a function f for each vertex v of the tree in the following fashion:

Bob isn't yet sure how to place his stickers on the tree, but he is interested in the value of f in the root vertex. Given the tree and the stickers, help Bob calculate the minimum and the maximum possible value of f (1) !

Input
The first line contains two space-separated integers n and k (2 ≤ n ≤ 10 5, 0 ≤ k ≤ n). The second line contains n - 1 space-separated integer numbers p 2, p 3, ..., p n (1 ≤ p i ≤ n). The number p i denotes the parent of the vertex numbered i. The third line contains n space-separated integer numbers a 1, a 2, ..., a n (0 ≤ a i ≤ 10 9). If the vertex i is a leaf, then a i is the number written in that vertex. Otherwise a i will be equal to 0. It is guaranteed that the given graph will be a tree. It is guaranteed that k + l ≤ n.

Output
In a single line output two integers separated by a space — the minimum and the maximum possible value of f (1).

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes