B. Look At The Same One

There are $n$ soldiers in the line, standing shoulder to shoulder from left to right. Each soldier's head is turned either to the left or to the right, that is, each of the soldiers is looking either strictly to the left or strictly to the right.

You need to give some of the soldiers an order to turn their heads in the opposite direction. That means, after executing this order, a soldier looking to the left should turn his head to the right, and a soldier looking to the right should turn his head to the left. After executing the order, there should exist a soldier such that all other soldiers look at him (it doesn't matter in which direction that soldier looks). Only the soldiers who were given the order turn their heads.

For example, if there are $5$ soldiers in the line, the first three soldiers are looking to the right, and the fifth soldier is looking to the left, then they all are looking at the fourth soldier.

Find the minimum number of soldiers who should be given the order to turn their heads so that all the soldiers were looking in the direction of some single soldier.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 2\,000$) — the number of soldiers in the line. The second line contains a string $s$ of length $n$, consisting of the letters " L " and " R ". If the $i$ -th character of the string is " L ", then the $i$ -th soldier is looking to the left. If the $i$ -th character of the string is " R ", then the $i$ -th soldier is looking to the right.

Output
Print the minimum number of soldiers who should be given the order to turn their heads so that there exists a soldier such that all other soldiers look at him (it doesn't matter in which direction that soldier looks).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes