D. Dynamic Collection

You are given a collection of elements, each of which is a positive integer. Duplicate elements are allowed in this collection. There are two types of operations that you can perform on this collection. Operation 1 is for updating the collection, and Operation 2 is for querying the collection. The format for these operations are as follows:

For Operation 1, $k$ is an integer upon which the following rules will be applied in order:

For Operation 2, $a$ and $b$ are two integers that define a range. The purpose of this operation is to query how many elements in the collection fall within this range (inclusive).

Input
The input consists of a single test case. The first line contains two positive integers, n and q $(1 \leq n \leq 10^6; 1 \leq q \leq 10^6)$, which represent the number of elements in the collection and the total number of operations to be performed on the collection, respectively. The second line contains exactly n space-separated integers $a_1$, $a_2$,..., $a_N$ $(1 \leq a_i \leq 10^9)$. The next q lines each represent an operation. Each operation is either of type 1 or type 2, and follows the format: "1 k" or "2 a b", $(1 \leq a, b, k \leq 10^9; a \leq b)$

Output
For each Operation 2 (query operation) in the input, print a single line containing a positive integer, which represents the total number of elements in the collection that fall within the range [a, b].

Constraints
time limit per test 3.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes