I. Identify Chord

This is an interactive problem.

Grammy has an undirected cyclic graph of $n$ ($4 \le n \le 10^9$) vertices numbered from $1$ to $n$. An undirected cyclic graph is a graph of $n$ vertices and $n$ undirected edges that form one cycle. Specifically, there is a bidirectional edge between vertex $i$ and vertex $((i\bmod n)+1)$ for each $1 \le i \le n$.

Grammy thinks that this graph is too boring, so she secretly chooses a pair of non-adjacent vertices and connects an undirected edge (called a chord) between them, so that the graph now contains $n$ vertices and $(n+1)$ edges.

Your task is to guess the position of the chord by making no more than $40$ queries. Each query consists of two vertices $x$ and $y$, and Grammy will tell you the number of edges on the shortest path between the two vertices.

Note that the interactor is non-adaptive, meaning that the position of the chord is pre-determined.

To ask a query, output one line. First output ? followed by a space, then output two vertices $x$ and $y$ ($1 \le x, y \le n$) separated by a space. After flushing your output, your program should read a single integer indicating the number of edges on the shortest path between the two vertices.

To guess the position of the chord, output one line. First output ! followed by a space, then output two vertices $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$) separated by a space, indicating that the chord connects vertices $u$ and $v$. After flushing your output, your program should read a single integer $r$ ($r \in \{1, -1\}$) indicating the correctness of your guess. If $r = 1$ then your guess is correct, and your program should continue processing the next test case, or exit immediately if there are no more test cases. Otherwise if $r = -1$ then your guess is incorrect, and your program should exit immediately to receive a Wrong Answer verdict. Note that your guess does not count as a query.

To flush your output, you may use:

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 10^3$) indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains an integer $n$ ($4 \le n \le 10^9$) indicating the number of vertices.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes