K. Birdwatching

Kiara does not know the real graph $\mathcal{G}$ governing the flight of these birds but, in her previous field study, Kiara has collected data from the journey of many birds. Using this, she has devised a graph $\mathcal{P}$ explaining how they move. Kiara has spent so much time watching them that she is confident that if a bird can fly directly from $a$ to $b$, then she has witnessed at least one such occurrence. However, it is possible that a bird flew from $a$ to $b$ to $c$ but she only witnessed the stops $a$ and $c$ and then added $(a, c)$ to $\mathcal{P}$. It is also possible that a bird flew from $a$ to $b$ to $c$ to $d$ and she only witnessed $a$ and $d$, and added $(a, d)$ to $\mathcal{P}$, etc. To sum up, she knows that $\mathcal{P}$ contains all the edges of $\mathcal{G}$ and that $\mathcal{P}$ might contain some other edges $(a, b)$ for which there is a path from $a$ to $b$ in $\mathcal{G}$ (note that $\mathcal{P}$ might not contain all such edges).

For her next field study, Kiara has decided to install her base next to a given tree $T$. To be warned of the arrival of birds on $T$, she would also like to install detectors on the trees where the birds can come from (i.e. the trees $T'$ such that there is an edge ($T', T$) in $\mathcal{G}$). As detectors are not cheap, she only wants to install detectors on the trees $T'$ for which she is sure that $(T', T)$ belongs to $\mathcal{G}$.

Kiara is sure that an edge $(a, b)$ belongs to $\mathcal{G}$ when $(a, b)$ is an edge of $\mathcal{P}$ and all the paths in $\mathcal{P}$ starting from $a$ and ending in $b$ use the edge $(a, b)$. Kiara asks you to compute the set $S(T)$ of trees $T'$ for which she is sure that $(T', T)$ is an edge of $\mathcal{G}$.

Input
The input describes the graph $\mathcal{P}$. The first line contains three space-separated integers $N$, $M$, and $T$ : $N$ is the number of nodes of $\mathcal{P}$, $M$ is the number of edges of $P$ and $T$ is the node corresponding to the tree on which Kiara will install her base. The next $M$ lines describe the edges of the graph $\mathcal{P}$. Each contains two space-separated integers $a$ and $b$ ($0 \le a$, $b \lt N$ and $a \ne b$) stating that $(a, b) \in \mathcal{P}$. It is guaranteed that the same pair $(a, b)$ will not appear twice. Limits $1 \le N, M \le 100000$; $0 \le T \lt N$.

Output
Your output should describe the set $S(T)$. The first line should contain an integer $L$, which is the number of nodes in $S(T)$, followed by $L$ lines, each containing a different element of $S(T)$. The elements of $S(T)$ should be printed in increasing order, with one element per line.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes