H. Hungry Cannibals

A group consisting of $a$ cannibals and $b$ missionaries are travelling together. They are facing a river with a single boat docked at their side of the river. Boat is pretty small; its capacity is enough for at most two people simultaneously. Moreover, boat is not equipped with any kind of motor. The only way to move the boat is to use a paddle, which requires some skill and physical strength.

It turned out that only $x$ among $a$ cannibals and only $y$ among $b$ missionaries are able to use the paddle. In order to sail the boat from one side of the river to the other, at least one of the passengers must be able to use the paddle.

Cannibals would not be cannibals if they were not seeking for human flesh. Namely, if there appear to be $p$ cannibals and $q$ missionaries at the same side of the river (possibly including the docked boat) such that $p > q$ and $q > 0$, missionaries become the part of cannibal dinner which is not acceptable for the purposes of their journey. In other cases (when $p \leq q$ or $q = 0$) cannibals behave like civilized people and do follow the accepted transfer plan.

Taking into account all these restriction, find out if there exists a way to transfer all people to the other side of the river or not.

Input
The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 1000$) denoting the number of test cases. Each of the following lines contains four integers $a$, $x$, $b$, $y$ ($0 \leq a \leq b \leq 1000$, $0 \leq x \leq a$, $0 \leq y \leq b$, $a + b > 0$).

Output
For each test case print Yes or No depending on whether it is possible for all people to have a safe travel to the other side of the river or not.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes