E. Oscar is All You Need

Putata has a sequence $p$ of length $n$, where $p$ is a permutation of $1,2,\dots,n$. Budada can perform the following operation at most $2n + 1$ times:

Budada wants to make the lexicographical order of the permutation as small as possible after no more than $2n+1$ operations. Please help him find the way to perform operations so that the lexicographical order of the permutation is as small as possible.

A permutation is an array where each integer from $1$ to $s$ (where $s$ is the size of permutation) occurs exactly once.

A permutation $a$ is lexicographically smaller than a permutation $b$ if and only if the following condition holds:

Input
The input contains several test cases. The first line contains an integer $T$ ($1\leq T\leq 120$), denoting the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains an integer $n$ ($3\leq n \leq 1000$), denoting the length of the permutation. The second line contains $n$ integers, the $i$ -th integer is $p_i$ ($1\leq p_i \leq n$), denoting the permutation. It is guaranteed that $p$ is a permutation of $1,2,\dots, n$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ in all test cases will not exceed $1000$.

Output
For each test case, output one integer $m$ in the first line, denoting the number of operations. You should guarantee that $0\leq m\leq 2n + 1$. Then output $m$ lines, each line contains two integers $x, y$, denoting one operation. You should guarantee that $0<x$, $0<y$, $x+y<n$. Please notice that you do not have to minimize the number of operations.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes