K. Might and Magic

I was walking upstairs directly to the tower of Dragon, and step by step skies became closer and closer. I entered into a small room lighted by dozens of candles. Dragon sat at a big wooden table. The blood of his men was still flowing from my drawn sword right onto the parquet floor, answering all possible questions in advance.

Dragon made a bet on magic. He grabbed a scroll and started to write a spell on it. A spell was a string consisting of only lowercase Latin letters « a », « b » and « c », which should have been written on a special magic scroll consequently, one letter after another, from left to right. Whenever the written string ended with two non-empty identical consecutive substrings, the spell corresponding to that string immediately triggered and the scroll collapsed. It should be noted that not every string, even if it ended with two non-empty identical consecutive substrings, was a spell. For example, a string « bacabacbacabacabcab » is not a spell, because at the moment when its prefix « bacabacbac » is written on a scroll, the corresponding spell triggers and the scroll disappears, leaving no way to add something else.

It was known that the longer spells were stronger. Dragon was nervously writing one symbol after another, trying to create a spell strong enough to destroy me. Through the mask of indifference I saw fear and confusion in his eyes. What string are you trying to write down, Dragon? You'd better hurry. It's impolite to make a guest wait.

Input
There is only one test in this problem. In its only line the only integer 100000 is written.

Output
Output a string of length 10 5 that is not a spell and that can be written on a scroll to the very end.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes