I. Dating Day

TreeQwQ is busy dating with girls. There are $n$ time slots in a day numbered from $1$ to $n$. TreeQwQ is going on some dates today. He will give you a binary string $s$ to describe his schedule. $s_i = 1$ denotes TreeQwQ is dating in time slot $i$ while $s_i = 0$ denotes he is free in time slot $i$.

However, he finds his schedule boring because he has too many girls to date with. So you can help him by performing the following operation on his schedule exactly once.

TreeQwQ wants to know how many possible schedules he can get after performing the operation. Since the number may be very large. You need to tell TreeQwQ the number modulo $998244353$.

Note that two schedules are called different if there exists a time slot that TreeQwQ is dating in one schedule while he is free in the same time slot in the other schedule.

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer $t$ ($1\leq t\leq 10^5$) indicating the number of test cases. The first line of each test case consists of two integers $n,k$ ($1\leq n\leq 10^5, 1\leq k\leq n$) indicating the number of time slots and the required number of dating time slots in the chosen interval. The second line of each test case contains a binary string of length $n$, describing TreeQwQ's schedule. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, output one integer, the number of possible scheduels TreeQwQ can get modulo $998244353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 0.5 s
memory limit per test 16 MB