A. DFS Order

Prof. Pang has a rooted tree which is rooted at $1$ with $n$ nodes. These $n$ nodes are numbered from $1$ to $n$.

Now he wants to start the depth-first search at the root. He wonders for each node $v$, what is the minimum and the maximum position it can appear in the depth-first search order. The depth-first search order is the order of nodes visited during the depth-first search. A node appears in the $j$ -th ($1\le j\le n$) position in this order means it is visited after $j-1$ other nodes. Because sons of a node can be iterated in arbitrary order, multiple possible depth-first orders exist. Prof. Pang wants to know for each node $v$, what are the minimum value and the maximum value of $j$ such that $v$ appears in the $j$ -th position.

Following is a pseudo-code for the depth-first search on a rooted tree. After its execution, dfs_order is the depth-first search order.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $T~(1 \le T \le 10^6)$ denoting the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains an integer $n~(1 \le n \le 10 ^ 5)$. Each of the next $n-1$ lines contains two integers $x$ and $y$, indicating node $x$ is node $y$ 's parent ($1\le x, y\le n$). These edges form a tree rooted at $1$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases is no more than $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, print $n$ lines. The $i$ -th line contains two integers denoting the minimum and the maximum position node $i$ can appear in the depth-first search order.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes