B. Drone Photo

Today the $n^2$ contestants of EUC have gathered outside the venue to take a drone photo. Jennifer, the social media manager for the event, has arranged them into an $n\times n$ square. Being very good at her job, she knows that the contestant standing on the intersection of the $i$ -th row with the $j$ -th column is $a_{i,j}$ years old. Coincidentally, she notices that no two contestants have the same age, and that everyone is between $1$ and $n^2$ years old.

Jennifer is planning to have some contestants hold a banner with the ICPC logo parallel to the ground, so that it is clearly visible in the aerial picture. Here are the steps that she is going to follow in order to take the perfect EUC drone photo.

Being very indecisive, Jennifer would like to try out all possible arrangements for the banner, but she is worried that this may cause the contestants to be late for the competition. How many different ways are there to choose the four contestants holding the poles in order to take a perfect photo? Two choices are considered different if at least one contestant is included in one but not the other.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ ($2\le n \le 1500$). The next $n$ lines describe the ages of the contestants. Specifically, the $i$ -th line contains the integers $a_{i,1},a_{i,2},\ldots,a_{i,n}$ ($1\le a_{i,j}\le n^2$). It is guaranteed that $a_{i,j}\neq a_{k,l}$ if $i\neq k$ or $j\neq l$.

Output
Print the number of ways for Jennifer to choose the four contestants holding the poles.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes