B. Because, Art!

Leo is a designer. He has a collection of $N$ fonts and $N$ colors, each of them having an integer grade that indicates how much beautiful it is. A negative grade indicates that the font or color is "ugly".

Based on that, Leo invented a new way of measuring the beauty of any text. If a text has a font of grade $F_i$ and a color of grade $C_j$, then the beauty of the text is the product $F_i \times C_j$. Note that when both the font and the color are ugly, the resulting text is beautiful, because, Art!

Leo has to present to his boss $k$ beautiful text designs. The boss said to him that the texts must be really different from each other. With this in mind, Leo decided to select a distinct font and a distinct color for each text in such a way that the sum of the beauties of the $k$ formed texts is maximum. For his pride, he also wants to know the minimum possible sum of the beauties of $k$ texts made of distinct fonts and colors.

But there is a problem! Leo forgot how many designs the boss asked for, so he needs to find the answer for each integer $k$ between $1$ and $N$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $N$ ($1 \le N \le 10^5$) indicating the number of fonts and colors. The second line contains $N$ integers ${F_1}, {F_2}, \ldots, {F_N}$ ($-10^4 \leq F_i \leq 10^4$ for ${i}={1}, {2}, \ldots, {N}$), representing the grades of the fonts. The third line contains $N$ integers ${C_1}, {C_2}, \ldots, {C_N}$ ($-10^4 \leq C_i \leq 10^4$ for ${i}={1}, {2}, \ldots, {N}$), denoting the grades of the colors.

Output
Output $N$ lines, such that the $k$ -th line contains two integers indicating respectively the minimum and maximum sum of beauties if the boss asks for $k$ texts.

Constraints
time limit per test 0.5 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes