F. Flow Management

Mario is doing plumbing works in his house in order to connect various household appliances to the water supply.

There are two water socket types available: and. One initial socket of type t is already connected to the supply system, but Mario has a appliances that require sockets of the first type and b appliances that require sockets of the second type.

Mario uses standard parts for his work:

Each part has a predefined price at the nearest DIY market. You may assume that there is an unlimited number of parts of each kind available.

Mario is known to be a big miser, therefore he wants you to help him determine the minimum amount of money he has to spend to connect his appliances with a sockets of the first type and b sockets of the second type. No socket can be left open and unused, or water will flow out of it.

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer n — the number of test cases you are to solve (1 ≤ n ≤ 50 000). Each of the following n lines contains ten integers: a, b,,,,,,,, t — the number of household appliances with socket type and, the price of the splitter type to 2 and 3 pipes, the price of the splitter type to 2 and 3 pipes, the price of the pipe caps of type and, the price of adapters between pipe types and a type of the initial water socket (1 — for type, 2 — for type) respectively. The numbers a, b and all prices are non-negative integers not exceeding 10 9.

Output
For each of n test cases print a line containing a single integer — the minimum amount of money that Mario has to spend in order to buy all necessary tools to assemble a pipeline from a given water socket to his a household appliances of type and b household appliances of type, without leaving any socket open and unused.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes