E. Pins and Jumpers

The recently-designed electronic board has $n$ pins numbered from $1$ to $n$, arranged in a single row. Several jumpers are going to be put on top of the pins. There are $m$ jumpers in total, numbered from $1$ to $m$. Each jumper is characterised by two numbers — $l_j$ and $r_j$ : being installed, the $j$ -th jumper covers a contiguous range of pins from $l_j$ to $r_j$ (inclusive). Each jumper is constructed in a such way that it will not fit any other position.

Jumper installation process is fully automated. Installation is performed by a very intelligent and innovative robot called InnoKentij as follows.

There is a conveyor, which supplies jumpers to InnoKentij one by one from jumper number $1$ to jumper number $m$. For each jumper $j$, InnoKentij needs to decide whether to install it. If all the pins from $l_j$ to $r_j$ (inclusive) are free, InnoKentij simply installs the $j$ -th jumper, and the process continues. But it can happen that the $j$ -th jumper is conflicting with some of previously installed jumpers. Two jumpers are called conflicting if their installation ranges share at least one pin. In case of a conflict, InnoKentij has the following two options:

Given the configuration of jumpers, you should emulate the work of robot InnoKentij.

Input
The first line of the input contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n \le 4\cdot10^5$; $1 \le m \le 2\cdot10^5$) — the number of pins on the electronic board and the number of jumpers. The next $m$ lines describe the jumpers: the $j$ -th of them contains two integers $l_j$ and $r_j$ ($1 \le l_j \le r_j \le n$) — the installation position of the $j$ -th jumper.

Output
You should output the work log of the robot InnoKentij. The log should contain exactly $m$ lines, the $j$ -th line corresponding to the actions pefrormed by InnoKentij when it was supplied with the $j$ -th jumper from the conveyor. The first integer in $j$ -th line should be $1$ if the $j$ -th jumper was installed, or $0$ if it was discarded. The second integer in the $j$ -th line (let's denote it by $d_j$) should be equal to the number of conflicting jumpers which were discarded (this number can be $0$ if there were no conflicting jumpers, or if the $j$ -th jumper was discarded). Then, $d_j$ integers should follow — the indices of the jumpers InnoKentij removed in ascending order.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes