F. Collect the Coins

There are $10^9$ cells arranged in a row, numbered from $1$ to $10^9$ from left to right. Two robots are patrolling in the cells. The maximum speed of each robot is $v$ cells per second ($v$ is an integer), indicating that if a robot is currently in cell $p$, it can move to any cell $p'$ in the next second, as long as $1 \le p' \le 10^9$ and $|p' - p| \le v$.

There will be $n$ coins appearing in the cells. The $i$-th coin will appear at the $t_i$-th second in cell $c_i$. If a robot is in the same cell at that time, it can pick up the coin. Otherwise the coin will instantly disappear.

More formally, during each second, the following steps will happen in order:

Your task is to determine the initial positions of two robots before the $1$-st second, and move them wisely to collect all the coins with the smallest possible $v$. Output this optimal value of $v$.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^6$) indicating the number of coins appearing in the cells. For the following $n$ lines, the $i$-th line contains two integers $t_i$ and $c_i$ ($1 \le t_i, c_i \le 10^9$) indicating the time when the $i$-th coin appears and the position where the $i$-th coin appears. It's guaranteed that $t_i \le t_{i + 1}$ for all $1 \le i \lt n$. It's also guaranteed that $t_i \ne t_j$ or $c_i \ne c_j$ for all $i \ne j$. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ of all test cases will not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing one integer, indicating the smallest possible maximum speed of the robots. If it's impossible to collect all the coins, output -1 instead.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes