L. Label the Tree

You are given a rooted tree$^{\text{∗}}$ with $n$ vertices numbered from $1$ to $n$. The root is the vertex $1$.

A permutation$^{\text{†}}$ $p_1,p_2,\dots,p_n$ is good if and only if, for each $1 \le i \le n$, at least one of the following conditions is true:

Count the number of good permutations of length $n$, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

$^{\text{∗}}$A tree is a connected graph without cycles. A rooted tree is a tree where one vertex is special and called the root.

$^{\text{†}}$A permutation of length $n$ is an array consisting of $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ in arbitrary order. For example, $[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but $[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation ($2$ appears twice in the array), and $[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation ($n=3$ but there is $4$ in the array).

$^{\text{‡}}$An ancestor of vertex $v$ is any vertex on the simple path from $v$ to the root, including the root, but not including $v$. The root has no ancestors.

$^{\text{§}}$A descendant of vertex $v$ is any vertex $u$ for which $v$ is an ancestor. No vertex is its own descendant.

Input
The first line contains $t$ ($1 \le t \le 2\,500$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 5\,000$) — the number of vertices. The second line contains $n - 1$ integers $a_2, a_3, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le i-1$) — $a_i$ represents the parent of the vertex $i$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5\,000$.

Output
For each test case, output one number — the number of good permutations modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes