C. Digital Path

Zhe the bully, is condemned by all kinds of evil, like bullying those who are weaker. His teammates have been mistreated for a long time. Finally, they decided not to put up with their buddy any more and flee to Digital Village, with the bully in hot pursuit. Due to difficult terrain and a considerable amount of Digital Paths staggered, they can't be easily arrested.

Getting familiar with the terrain as soon as possible is important for these innocents to escape the threat of bullying. All they need now is to count the number of Digital Paths in Digital Village.

To simplify the problem, Digital Village is abstracted into a grid with $n$ rows and $m$ columns filled by integers. A Digital Path is a continuous walk in the grid satisfying the following conditions:

Here we have some examples.

Figure 1: An invalid path.

Figure 2: An invalid path.

Figure 3: An invalid path.

Figure 4: An invalid path.

Figure 5: All valid paths.

Digital Paths may partially overlap. In Figure 5, there are $4$ Digital Paths marked by different colours.

Input
The first line contains two positive integers $n$ and $m~(1\le n,m\le 1\,000)$ describing the size of the grid. Each of the next $n$ lines contains $m$ integers, the $j$ -th of which, denoted by $a_{i,j}~(-10^7\le a_{i,j}\le 10^7)$, represents the value of the box in the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column.

Output
Output the number of Digital Paths modulo $(10^9+7)$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes