J. Getting Ready for VIPC

Eulampius is preparing himself to the Very Important Programming Contest (VIPC). There is a lot of time before the contest, and Eulampius hopes to make headway in his problem solving skills.

Eulampius decided to train by taking part in practice contests. He made a list of n contests that will take place before VIPC. Each contest in the list is characterized by three parameters: the day d i of the contest, the minimum skill l i required to take part in the contest and the maximum skill h i that the participant can reach after taking part in the contest.

The participant skill becomes equal to h i if he starts taking part in the contest when he's fully rested. If his fatigue equals t by the beginning of the contest, then the participant skill becomes equal to h i - t after the contest, even if h i - t is negative or less than his skill before the contest.

Participating in a contest takes much energy, that's why Eulampius can take part in at most one contest during a day. Participating in a contest increases Eulampius' fatigue by Δ t (same for all contests).

Each day Eulampius doesn't participate in any contest, his fatigue t becomes equal to ⌊ t / 2⌋ (divided by two rounded down).

Initially, Eulampius' skill is s, and his fatigue t equals zero. Your task is to determine the maximum skill Eulampius can reach before VIPC, no matter what his fatigue will be.

Input
The first line contains three integers n, s, Δ t (1 ≤ n ≤ 2·10 5,  0 ≤ s ≤ 10 6,  0 ≤ Δ t ≤ 10 4) — the number of contests, Eulampius' initial skill, the amount of fatigue added after a contest. Each of the next n lines contains three integers d i, l i, h i (1 ≤ d i ≤ 10 6, 0 ≤ l i < h i ≤ 10 6) — the day of the i -th contest, the minimum skill needed to take part in the i -th contest and the maximum skill that can be reached after taking part in the i -th contest. The contests are ordered by their dates, so d i ≤ d i + 1 (i = 1, 2, ..., n - 1).

Output
In the first line print two integers c and m — the maximum skill Eulampius can reach and the number of contests he needs to take part in. In the second line print m space-separated integers — the indices of the contests in the order of participation. The contests are indexed starting from 1 in order of their appearance in the input. If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes