I. Intersection of Hyperrectangles

You are given $n$ $d$ -dimensional hyperrectangles with sides parallel to the axes numbered from $1$ to $n$. Each of these hyperrectangles is defined by the region of all points with real coordinates $(x_1,x_2,\dots,x_d)$ such that $l_i \leq x_i \leq r_i$ (for $1 \leq i \leq d$). For each hyperrectangle, $2 \cdot d$ integers $l_1, r_1, l_2, r_2, \dots, l_d, r_d$ are given.

You can do the following operation on the hyperrectangles:

Answer $q$ queries. In each query, you are given two integers $L$ and $R$. You have to find the minimum number of operations so the intersection of the hyperrectangles numbered from $L$ to $R$ is non-empty. In other words, there must exist a point that is contained inside all such hyperrectangles. A point in the boundary of the hyperrectangle is said to be inside the hyperrectangle.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $d$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^4$ and $1 \leq d \leq 50$) $-$ the number of hyperrectangles and the number of dimensions. The following $n$ lines contain the description of the hyperrectangles. Each line contains $2 \cdot d$ integers $l_1, r_1, l_2, r_2, \dots, l_d, r_d$ ($-10^9 \leq l_i \lt r_i \leq 10^9$ for $1 \leq i \leq d$) $-$ the description of the hyperrectangles. The following line contains an integer $q$ ($1 \leq q \leq 10^4$) $-$ the number of queries. The following $q$ lines contain the description of the queries. Each line contains $2$ integers $L$ and $R$ ($1 \leq L \leq R \leq n$) $-$ the range of each query.

Output
Print $q$ lines with the answers to the queries.

Constraints
time limit per test 8 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes