H. Huh? Oh, Yes, Welcome to the Contest!

Your team has just completed on-site registration for the ICPC Belarus Regional Contest. While waiting for the opening ceremony, you watch the long queue of teams at the registration point. All these teams will go through the same procedure as you:

$\quad$ – What is the name of your team?

$\quad$ – Our name is (here the team representative says the team name).

However, nowadays some team names contain so many special characters and foreign words that even for an experienced organizer, it can be difficult to distinguish between several teams...

$\quad$ – My apologies, I did not understand. What is your team name?

$\quad$ – We are team (here the team representative says the team name again).

And sometimes it's not only a complicated team name, but everyone around is talking loudly too...

$\quad$ – I am really sorry. Could you please repeat it once again?

$\quad$ – WE ARE TEAM (here the representative says the team name once again, visibly irritated) !!!

$\quad$ – Oh, now I see. Here are your badges. Good luck!

The last team in the queue is made up of three friends of yours, and coincidentally, they picked a very funny name for their team. You already know what they will say... Reproduce the dialogue for them.

Input
The only line contains a string of $1$ to $100$ printable ASCII characters with codes between 32 and 126: the name of your friends' team. It is guaranteed that the name does not start or end with a space.

Output
Print the expected dialogue for the team at registration. You must capitalize every lowercase Latin letter in its sixth line to ensure the text conveys the expressiveness of the team representative. More precisely, each lowercase Latin letter (a – z, decimal ASCII codes 97 to 122) in the sixth line must be replaced with its corresponding uppercase Latin letter (A – Z, codes 65 to 90), while other characters must remain intact. Refer to the example output for details. At the end of each line, a newline character must be printed. Make sure that you do not print any extra lines or characters, including whitespace characters.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes