J. Binary Trees

Yesterday, Vadim found a binary tree $a$ with root at 0 consisting of $N$ vertices on the road. However, his favorite is binary tree $b$ with root at 0 also consisting of $N$ vertices. Therefore, he decided to transform tree $a$ into tree $b$ using the following operation:

Vadim is confident that it is possible to transform the found binary tree into an isomorphic one to his favorite using no more than $N$ transformations. Help him find the sequence of these transformations.

Recall that a binary tree is a tree in which each vertex is the ancestor of no more than 2 other vertices, and the root has no ancestor. Two rooted binary trees are called isomorphic if:

Input
The first line contains an integer $N$ — the number of vertices in the found and favorite trees $(2 \le N \le 10^3)$. The second line contains $N-1$ integers $pa_i$ — the ancestors of the vertices of the found tree numbered from 1 to $N-1$ $(0 \le pa_i \le N - 1)$. The third line contains $N-1$ integers $pb_i$ — the ancestors of the vertices of the favorite tree numbered from 1 to $N-1$ $(0 \le pb_i \le N - 1)$. It is guaranteed that the given trees are binary.

Output
In the first line, output an integer $M$ — the number of operations used $(0 \le M \le N)$. In the following $M$ lines, output pairs of numbers $v$ and $u$ — the root of the chosen subtree and the vertex to which this subtree is attached during the current operation $(1 \le v \le N - 1, 0 \le u \le N - 1)$. The vertex $u$ cannot be in the subtree of vertex $v$. The tree obtained after each operation must be binary. It is guaranteed that a solution exists. If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes