G. Inscryption

You are lost deep in the forest. The only thing that is still accompanying you is your stoat. It has an initial attack of $1$. It is your only Beast at the beginning.

A single path revealed itself before you. On the path are $n$ event marks. Every event mark falls into one of the following:

When you walk through the winding road, the event marks will be triggered in order. Find out the maximum average of attack for your Beasts you can achieve after all event marks are completed.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains one integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^6$) indicating the number of event marks. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_n$ ($-1 \le a_i \le 1$) where $a_i$ indicates the type of the $i$ -th event mark: $1$ means a Card Choice, $-1$ means a Mysterious Stone and $0$ means a Fork in the Road. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case output one line. If it is impossible to complete all event marks, output one integer $-1$. Otherwise it can be proven that the answer is a rational number $\frac{p'}{q'}$. Output two integers $p$ and $q$ where $\frac{p}{q}$ is the simplest fraction representation of $\frac{p'}{q'}$. $\frac{p}{q}$ is the simplest fraction representation of $\frac{p'}{q'}$ if $\frac{p}{q} = \frac{p'}{q'}$ and the greatest common divisor of $p$ and $q$ is $1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes