B. Bucket storing

Once upon a time, in the quaint town of Algorithmville, there lived a young man named Ethan. Ethan had an extraordinary passion and skill for packing coffee beans. He used two types of buckets to pack coffee: standard buckets, which could hold up to $K$ coffee beans, and ceremonial buckets, which were larger and could hold up to $L$ coffee beans.

On this particular day, Ethan packed coffee using standard coffee buckets. With his exceptional packaging skills, he filled $N$ standard buckets to the brim, meaning each of the $N$ buckets contained the maximum $K$ coffee beans it could hold. As closing time approached, Ethan glanced at the calendar and realized that he had missed International Coffee Day, which was to take place the following day. What a shame it would be to serve coffee using his standard coffee buckets!

Determined not to waste any time, Ethan decided to transfer all the coffee from the standard buckets to ceremonial buckets. Seeking assistance, he asked for your help. Can you tell Ethan how many ceremonial buckets he needs to move the coffee from the standard buckets to the ceremonial ones?

Input
The first and only line of input contains three integer numbers separated by a space, representing $N$, ($1 \leq N \leq 1000$) the number of standard buckets Ethan used to pack the coffee. $K$, the coffee beans a standard bucket can hold, and $L$, the coffee beans the ceremonial bucket can hold ($1 \leq K \leq L \leq 1000$)

Output
Print a line with a single integer number, the amount of ceremonial buckets Ethan needs to move the coffee from the standard buckets to ceremonial buckets.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes