D. Pixel Art

DreamGrid is creating a piece of pixel art on a grid of n rows and m columns where all the cells are initially white. As a beginner pixel artist, he can only paint horizontal or vertical lines on the grid.

Let's denote the cell on the i -th row and the j -th column as (i, j). Formally speaking,

After some time, DreamGrid has left k non-intersecting lines on the grid. As DreamGrid is also an enthusiast for competitive programming, he is interested in the mathematical properties of his artwork as well.

Let G i be the sub-grid containing the the first i rows of the original n × m grid. We denote s i as the number of black cells in G i and c i as the number of black connected components in G i. Can you help DreamGrid calculate the value of s i and c i for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n, so that he can have a deeper insight into his artwork?

Note that in this problem, two black cells (r a, c a) and (r b, c b) are in the same connected component, if there exists a sequence of black cells (r 1, c 1), (r 2, c 2), ..., (r k, c k) such that r 1 = r a, c 1 = c a, r k = r b, c k = c b and for all 1 ≤ i < k, (r i, c i) and (r i + 1, c i + 1) share an edge.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer T, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains three integers n, m and k (1 ≤ n, m, k ≤ 10 5), indicating the number of rows and the number of columns of the grid, and the number of lines DreamGrid has painted. The following k lines each contains four integers r 1, c 1, r 2, c 2 (1 ≤ r 1 ≤ r 2 ≤ n, 1 ≤ c 1 ≤ c 2 ≤ m, r 1 = r 2 or c 1 = c 2) indicating the lines DreamGrid painted on the grid. r 1 = r 2 indicates that DreamGrid has painted a horizontal line (r 1, c 1, c 2); c 1 = c 2 indicates that DreamGrid has painted a vertical line (c 1, r 1, r 2); It's possible that both r 1 = r 2 and c 1 = c 2 hold, indicating that DreamGrid has turned the cell (r 1, c 1) to a black cell. It's guaranteed that No two lines in the same test case will intersect. Two lines intersect if there exists a cell which is contained in both lines; Neither the sum of n nor the sum of k of all test cases will exceed 5 × 10 5. Note that there is no guarantee on the sum of m.

Output
For each test case output n lines where the i -th line contains two integers s i and c i separated by a space, indicating the number of black cells and the number of black connected components in the first i rows of the grid.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes