B. Turning Permutation

A permutation of length $n$ is a sequence of $n$ integers in which every integer from $1$ to $n$ appears exactly once. For a permutation $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of length $n$, let $q_i$ denote the position where $i$ appears, i.e., $p_{q_i} = i$. If for every $i = 2, 3, \ldots, n-1$ we have $(q_i - q_{i-1})(q_i - q_{i+1}) \gt 0$, then the permutation $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ is called a turning permutation.

Now given $n$ and $k$, you need to find the $k$ -th lexicographically smallest turning permutation of length $n$, or report that the number of turning permutations of length $n$ is less than $k$.

To determine which of the two permutations of length $n$ is lexicographically smaller, we compare their first elements. If they are equal, we compare the second, and so on. If we have two different permutations $x$ and $y$ of length $n$, then $x$ is lexicographically smaller if $x_i \lt y_i$, where $i$ is the first index at which the permutations $x$ and $y$ differ.

Input
The only line contains two integers $n$ ($3\le n \le 50$) and $k$ ($1\le k \le 10^{18}$), denoting the length of the permutation and the ranking position of the desired turning permutation in the lexicographically sorted list of all the turning permutations of length $n$, respectively.

Output
If the number of turning permutations of length $n$ is less than $k$, output $-1$ in one line. Otherwise, output the $k$ -th lexicographically smallest turning permutation of length $n$ in one line.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes