G. Is Topo Logical?

A topologicial sort of a directed graph is a linear ordering of its vertices such that for every directed edge going from u into v in the graph, u comes before v in the ordering. A commonly used example is a graph of courses, where the directed edge represents that the course u must be taken before the course v. Hence making its topological sort a possible ordering of taking courses.

Mr. Topo has a directed graph. He calculated the in-degree for each node, which is equal to the number of edges going into the node, then he ran the following algorithm to obtain a topological ordering:

Your only conditions are that the graph must not contain self-loops nor repeated edges. A self-loop is an edge from the node to itself. Note that edge is different from.

Input
The first of input contains a single integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 370), the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains a single the integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 2 × 10 5), the number of nodes in the graph. The second line contains n space-separated integers a 1, a 2,..., a n (0 ≤ a i < n), where a i is the initial in-degree of node i. The third line contains n space-separated integers b 1, b 2,..., b n (0 ≤ b i ≤ a i), where b i is the final in-degree of node i. It is gauranteed that, for each test case. The sum of n over all test cases doesn't exceed 2 × 10 6. The sum of all a i values over all test cases doesn't exceed 2 × 10 6.

Output
For each test case, if there is no valid graph, output only - 1 on a single line. Otherwise, output the number of edges m on the first line, and list the m directed edges (1 ≤ u, v ≤ n) of the graph in the following m lines. If there is more than one valid solution, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes