F. Fill T

It is the last day of your summer break, and you currently have nothing to do, so you start daydreaming about a problem you had heard once before...

Given a grid with $R$ rows and $C$ columns, your task is to cover all the cells with some $T$ -shapes so that each cell is covered by exactly one $T$ -shape. $T$ -shapes must not exceed the boundary of the grid.

More formally, a $T$ -shape in the grid is uniquely determined by six non-negative integers $(x,y,u,l,d,r)$, where $(x,y)$ represents the center point of the $T$ -shape, and $u$, $l$, $d$ and $r$ represent the lengths of the arms of the $T$ -shape in the upward, leftward, downward and rightward directions, respectively.

The six integers must satisfy these conditions:

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t(1\leq t \leq 1,000)$ — the number of test cases. For each test case, there is one line that contains two integers $R$ and $C$ $(1 \le R,C \le 200)$ indicating the size of the grid. The sum of $R \cdot C$ over all test cases does not exceed $100,000$.

Output
For each test case, on the first line, output $n$ $(1 \le n \le \frac{R \cdot C}{4})$, the number of $T$ -shapes to cover the grid. On each of the next $n$ lines, output six integers $x_i, y_i, u_i, l_i, d_i, r_i$ separated by a space indicating the $i$ -th $T$ -shape uniquely determined by $(x_i, y_i, u_i, l_i, d_i, r_i)$ where $x_i$ and $y_i$ $(1 \le x_i \le C$, $1 \le y_i \le R)$ represents the center point and $u_i$, $l_i$, $d_i$ and $r_i$ $(0 \le u_i,l_i,d_i,r_i)$ represent the arms of the $T$ -shape as explained above. If there are multiple valid answers, you can print any of them. If there is no valid answer, simply output $-1$ on a single line.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes