B. Gold Medal

What a busy week! This weekend, $n$ programming contests will be held at the same time.

Each contest will award one gold medal for every $k$ participating teams. That is to say, if there are $t$ teams participating in the contest, $\lfloor \frac{t}{k} \rfloor$ gold medals will be awarded, where $\lfloor x \rfloor$ is the largest integer not exceeding $x$. Currently, there will be $a_i$ teams participating in the $i$ -th contest.

BaoBao is the coach of a university with $m$ teams, and he hasn't decided which contests these teams should participate in. Please help him assign each team to a contest, so that the total number of gold medals handed out by all contests is maximized.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 100$) indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le n \le 100$, $1 \le k \le 10^9$), indicating the number of contests and the ratio of gold medals. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$), where $a_i$ is the current number of teams participating in the $i$ -th contest. The third line contains an integer $m$ ($1 \le m \le 10^9$), indicating the number of teams you need to assign a contest to.

Output
For each test case output one line containing one integer indicating the maximum total number of gold medals handed out by all contests.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes