K. Airdrop

PUBG is a multiplayer online battle royale video game. In the game, up to one hundred players parachute onto an island and scavenge for weapons and equipment to kill others while avoiding getting killed themselves. Airdrop in this game is a key element, as airdrops often carry with them strong weapons or numerous supplies, helping players to survive.

Consider the battle field of the game to be a two-dimensional plane. An airdrop has just landed at point (x 0, y 0) (both x 0 and y 0 are integers), and all the n players on the battle field, where (x i, y i) (both x i and y i are integers) indicates the initial position of the i -th player, start moving towards the airdrop with the following pattern:

But the battle is tough and it's almost impossible for all the players to arrive at the airdrop safely. If two or more players meet at point (x ', y ') other than (x 0, y 0), where both x ' and y ' are integers, they will fight and kill each other and none of them survive.

BaoBao is a big fan of the game and is interested in the number of players successfully arriving at the position of the airdrop, but he doesn't know the value of x 0. Given the value of y 0 and the initial position of each player, please help BaoBao calculate the minimum and maximum possible number of players successfully arriving at the position of the airdrop for all, where is the set of all integers (note that x 0 can be positive, zero or negative).

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer T, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains two integers n and y 0 (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ y 0 ≤ 10 5), indicating the number of players and the y value of the airdrop. For the following n lines, the i -th line contains two integers x i and y i (1 ≤ x i, y i ≤ 10 5), indicating the initial position of the i -th player. It's guaranteed that the sum of n in all test cases will not exceed 10 6, and in each test case no two players share the same initial position.

Output
For each test case output one line containing two integers and separated by one space. indicates the minimum possible number of players successfully arriving at the position of the airdrop, while indicates the maximum possible number.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 s
memory limit per test 256 megabytes