L. Laser

A mega-scale project to convert laser light into usable energy for general purposes has begun in the almost infinite experiment area with laser-amplifying glass panes.

The experiment was conducted by placing a laser emitter in one room. After that, the $N$ laser receivers were placed in room coordinates $(x_i,y_i)$; each room has a glass pane on the vertical and horizontal side which is shared between adjacent rooms.

Furthermore, the administrator of the project has provided 1 L-shaped reflector to change the trajectory of the laser from horizontal to vertical or vice versa. You want to run $Q$ simulation tests to provide the information on the minimum possible laser intensity given the starting point for the laser at coordinates $(s_i,t_i)$; your task is to come up with the resulting laser intensity.

Input
The first line contains four integers $N,Q,A,B$ ($0 \le A,B \le 10^9,1 \le N,Q \le 100\,000$) — number of laser receivers, simulations, amplification power of vertical and horizontal glass panes. Next, $N$ lines contain $x_i,y_i,c_i$ ($0 \le x_i,y_i \le 10^9,0 \le c_i \le 10^{18}$) — laser receiver coordinates in the Cartesian plane and laser amplification power. Next, $Q$ lines contain $s_i,t_i$ ($0 \le s_i,t_i \le 10^9$) — laser emitter starting coordinates in the Cartesian plane in each simulation.

Output
Print $Q$ lines, each line contains a single integer — the minimum possible laser intensity for the simulation.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes