E. Imprecise Computer

The Imprecise Computer (IC) is a computer with some structural issue that it can compare two integers correctly only when their difference is at least two. For example, IC can always correctly answer ' $4$ is larger than $2$ ', but it can answer either ' $2$ is larger than $3$ ' or ' $3$ is larger than $2$ ' (in this case, IC arbitrarily chooses one of them). For two integers $x$ and $y$, we say ' $x$ defeats $y$ ' when IC answers ' $x$ is larger than $y$ '.

Given a positive integer $n$, let $P_n = \{1, 2, \ldots, n\}$ be the set of positive integers from $1$ to $n$. Then we run a double round-robin tournament on Pn using IC. The double-round-robin tournament is defined as follows:

The tournament is composed of two rounds (the $1^{\text{st}}$ round and the $2^{\text{nd}}$ round). For each round, each element in $P_n$ is compared to every other element in $P_n$. Now for each element $k$ in $P_n$, let $r_i(k)$ be the number of wins of $k$ in the $i$ -th round of the tournament. We also define the 'difference sequence' $D = d_1d_2 \ldots d_n$ where for each $1 \leq k \leq n$, $d_k = |r_1(k) − r_2(k)|$.

The following shows an example when $n = 5$.

In the example above, $r_1(1) = 0$, $r_1(2) = 1$, $r_1(3) = 3$, $r_1(4) = 3$, $r_1(5) = 3$, and $r_2(1) = 1$, $r_2(2) = 1$, $r_2(3) = 1$, $r_2(4) = 3$, $r_2(5) = 4$. Therefore, the difference sequence is $D = 1\ 0\ 2\ 0\ 1$ in this example.

Given a sequence of $n$ nonnegative integers, write a program to decide whether the input sequence can be a difference sequence of $P_n$.

Input
Your program is to read from standard input. The input starts with a line containing an integer $n$, ($3 \leq n \leq 1,000,000$), where $n$ is the size of $P_n$. In the following line, a sequence of $n$ integers between $0$ and $n$ is given, where each element in the sequence is separated by a single space.

Output
Your program is to write to standard output. Print exactly one line. Print YES if the sequence can be the difference sequence of $P_n$, and print NO otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes