K. Monsters' Warehouse

Mike and Sally work in the warehouse of Monster Inc. as storekeepers. Their daily tasks are to process incoming requests and update the inventory of the Warehouse. Requests only include buying, selling, unpacking, and packing containers. The warehouse includes goods and containers and has unlimited space. A container may contain goods or other containers as sub-containers.

The exact format of the requests is given below.

Each container which is not inside any other container is uniquely identified by a positive integer ID. Assigning IDs to containers is done sequentially and started from 1. An ID is valid if and only if its container exists in the warehouse, otherwise it is invalid.

A container description is enclosed in parentheses and lists the contents, which can be either goods or sub-containers. A good is identified exclusively by its name, which consists of non-case-sensitive English letters. Multiple units of a good may be available. To denote quantities, place a positive integer ' N ' before or after the good name (separated by one whitespace), where N < 100 is the number of the good. For example, ((tomato, potato), 4 celery, (wood, (silk 3, banana 2))) describes a container with four units of celery and two sub-containers.

The description of each request is as follows:

Mike and Sulley process the requests in the order they are received. Any request with an invalid container ID must be discarded. Moreover, for PACK request they need to check if there exists enough units of each good in the warehouse.

Roz, the agent of Monster Inc. has told Mike once "I'm watching you, Wazowski. Always watching. Always.", She rolled her desk into their office and asked for requests and reports. She is looking for every detail. She is reviewing each request and might ask a few questions. Her questions might be each of the following types:

Mike and Sully are expected to answer these queries using just one integer.

Before helping Mike and Sully, read samples carefully.

'

Input
The input consists of $n$ requests or queries from Roz while she is reviewing ($ 1 \leq n \leq 5000 $); each appears in a separated line. The name of each good is limited to $100$ characters. Each container description might have at most $5000$ characters and the input size is less than $10^6$ characters.

Output
Each line of the report is associated with a request or Roz's questions. After each BUY, SELL, PACK, UNPACK request, you should print OK, if the request is not discarded. Otherwise, print DISCARD. If the request is UNPACK, after printing OK, you should print the number of containers added to the warehouse (read samples for more details). For each Roz's query, print just one integer in a line.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes