D. Lightning

The lightning usually hits towers, tall buildings. Have you noticed that? The thing is that they are near the“source of power”.

We will use this lightning model (which may be not true in real world). Every direct path in which the lightning can strike is characterized by its non-resistance (the bigger non-resistence, the bigger power of the lightning) and its length.

There are n objects (k of them are the targets at which the lightning can strike). We say the path has power x if the minimum non-resistence along the path is x.

The lightning could be modelled as follows:

Input
The first line contains the number of test cases T (0 ≤ T ≤ 20). The first line of each test case contains the number of objects n (2 ≤ n ≤ 10 4) and the number of targets k (1 ≤ k < n). Targets are objects numbered from 1 to k. The source of power is the object numbered n. The second line of each test case contains the number of direct paths m (1 ≤ m ≤ 10 4). The following m lines contains the numbers a, b (1 ≤ a < b ≤ n) and integers d, nr (0 < d ≤ 10 5, 0 < nr ≤ 10 6) meaning that objects numbered a and b are connected by the direct path (with the distance d, non-resistence nr). Each direct path can be used by the lightning bidirectionally. Note: the same pair of objects can be connected by more than one direct path.

Output
For each test case output one line containing “ Case #tc: ”, where tc is the number of the test case (starting from 1). Then output all the targets which are in danger in the ascending order (separated by spaces).

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes