K. Party Games

After finally rounding up the Fluttershies at Sweet Apple Acres, we made our way to Pinkie Pie's Sugarcube Corner.

"Wheee!!! Fluttershies, let's have a party!"

There was no way around it; we had to join in and play with Pinkie Pie.

Pinkie Pie invented a two-player game, and we took turns challenging her. Specifically, the game goes as follows:

There are $n$ integers $1,2,3,\dots,n$ ​ arranged in a row from left to right. Both Pinkie Pie and I will take turns trying the following operation:

If the current player cannot make a move, they lose the game.

The game consists of $T$ rounds, assuming "I" $\ $ always starts first each round, and both of us aim for victory by making optimal moves. The question is whether "I" $\ $ can achieve victory in each round of the game.

The bitwise XOR sum of several numbers $a_1,a_2,\dots,a_m$ is denoted by $a_1 \oplus a_2 \oplus \dots \oplus a_m$. Particularly, the XOR sum of an empty set is $0$.

The XOR operation, denoted by $\oplus$, is a binary operation that compares two binary numbers bit by bit. At each position, if the corresponding bits are not all $1$ or not all $0$, the result is $1$; otherwise, it's $0$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10^5$), indicating the number of rounds in the game. Following that are $T$ lines, each containing an integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^6$), representing the number of integers in the corresponding round of the game.

Output
For each round of the game, output one line. If "I" $\ $ can win, output "Fluttershy"; otherwise, output "Pinkie Pie" (without the quotes).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes