F. Flying Pig Borrowing Log

A certain high school requires students to read several selected books. Among those books, there is one outstanding book titled "Flying Pig".

There are $N$ students, numbered from $1$ to $N$, who are planning to read this book. There are $M$ days in a semester. The library opens every day for the entire semester, and the book is available from the beginning of the semester. The $i$ -th student will visit the library the first time on day $b_i$ and will visit again on day $b_i + a_i, b_i + 2 \cdot a_i,\dots,b_i + x \cdot a_i$ where $1 \leq x$ and $b_i + x \cdot a_i \leq M$.

On day $d$, if a student visits the library and the book is available and the student has not read it before, the student borrows it and returns it exactly $c_i$ days later; that is, if the $i$ -th student borrows the book on day $d$, it becomes available again on day $d + c_i$. If multiple students visit on the same day, the book is given to the student with the smallest number. A student may also borrow the book even if $d + c_i \gt M$, in which case the return is considered to happen after the $M$ -th day.

For each student, print the day the student gets to borrow the book, or $-1$ if the student will not be able to borrow the book until the end of the semester.

Input
The first line contains two integers, $N$ and $M$ — the number of students and the number of days in the semester. $(1 \leq N, M \leq 100,000)$ The next $N$ lines contain three integers, $a_i, b_i,$ and $c_i$ — the numbers for the $i$ -th student visitation pattern stated in the problem statement, and the duration of the $i$ -th student borrowing. $(1 \leq a_i, b_i, c_i \leq M)$.

Output
Output one line with $N$ integers – the day student $1,2,3,\dots,N$ gets to borrow the book, or $-1$ if the student will not be able to borrow the book until the end of the semester.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes