K. Keep Fighting

Bob is playing a card game where he must defeat a monster. Before the game starts, Bob's power is set to $P$, the monster's health is set to $H$, and Bob receives a deck of $N$ cards in his hands.

Each card in the deck belongs to one of the following types:

The game is played in turns. In each turn, Bob must play exactly one card from his hand, after which the card is moved to a discard pile. If Bob has no cards left in his hand at the end of a turn, he retrieves all cards from the discard pile and can use them again in any order.

The monster is beaten as soon as its health reaches $0$ or less. Is it possible for Bob to beat the monster? If so, what is the minimum number of turns required?

Input
The first line contains three integers $N$ ($1 \leq N \leq 50$), $P$ ($0 \leq P \leq 10^9$) and $H$ ($1 \leq H \leq 10^9$), indicating respectively the number of cards in the deck, Bob's initial power and the monster's initial health. Each of the next $N$ lines describes a card. The content of the line depends on the type of the card, as follows: Multiply: the line contains the character ' * ' (asterisk) and an integer $X$ ($1 \leq X \leq 10^9$), representing the multiply factor provided by the card. Add: the line contains the character ' + ' (plus sign) and an integer $Y$ ($1 \leq Y \leq 10^9$), indicating the increment provided by the card. Attack: the line contains the character ' ! ' (exclamation mark).

Output
Output a single line with an integer indicating the minimum number of turns required to beat the monster, or the character ' * ' (asterisk) if it is impossible to beat the monster.

Constraints
time limit per test 0.5 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes