L. Lulu and Friends

Let's put on our thinking caps! Hmm... hmmhmm, hmmhmm... ah, I got it! — Lulu

As the sun rose over Runeterra, Lulu the yordle skipped through the land, always on the lookout for magic and adventure. Today, she discovered something extraordinary — a glowing thread nestled in the roots of an ancient tree.

"This must be the Legendary String $T$! " Lulu gasped, remembering the tales of its magical properties. Holding the string, Lulu's mind flooded with memories of her adventures and the friends she'd met along the way.

But this wasn't just a simple discovery. The string held a puzzle, one tied to the names of her friends. Lulu could feel the magic in the air, urging her to solve it. For each of her friends names, she needs to solve this problem, "What's the minimum number of characters you need to delete from the legendary string $T$, so that it will contain her friend's name as a substring or determine if it's impossible?".

She turned to you, her eyes sparkling. "I need your help to figure this out! Let's unlock its secrets together!"

*A substring of string $s$ is a continuous segment of letters from $s$. For example, eter is a substring of run eter ra and era is not.

Input
First line contains a legendary string $T$$(1 \leq |T| \leq 20) $, consisting of lowercase letters of the English alphabet. The next line contains a single integer $Q$ $(1 \leq Q \leq 100,000)$, the number of her friends. Then $Q$ lines follow, in the $i^{th}$ line $s_i$$(1 \leq |s_i| \leq 20)$, the name of the $i^{th}$ friend, is given. The names consist of lowercase letters of the English alphabet.

Output
Output $Q$ lines, the $i^{th}$ is the minimum number of characters you need to delete from the legendary string $T$ so that it will contain the $i^{th}$ friend's name as a substring or $-1$ if it's impossible.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes