F. Elevator

The Berland State Building is the highest building in the capital of Berland. Curious Polikarp was studying the principle of operation of an elevator in the Berland State Building for a quite a while. Recently he has finally understood the algorithm behind its operation, in case a person enters the elevator on the floor f and presses the floor buttons e 1, e 2, ..., e n one by one. The buttons are pressed sequentially but very quickly while the elevator is still located on the floor f. All the pressed buttons are distinct and differ from the floor f. No other button pressings are considered in this problem.

After the buttons e 1, e 2, ..., e n have been pressed, all of them become highlighted and the elevator starts moving according the following rules:

Now, when the principle of the elevator's operation is clear, Polikarp wants to experiment with the elevator's movements without the elevator itself. He wants to write a program that simulates elevator's operation. Unfortunately, he didn't attend any programming lessons and it's a challenge for him. Can you please help Polikarp and write a program which will simulate movements of the elevator?

Input
The first line of input contains a pair of integers n, f (1 ≤ n, f ≤ 100), where n — amount of pressings made, f — index of the current floor where all these pressings were made. The second line contains distinct integers e 1, e 2, ..., e n (1 ≤ e i ≤ 100, e i ≠ f) — buttons indices in the order they were pressed.

Output
Output all the floors where the elevator stops, in a chronological order of the stops.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes