J. Function

You are given a positive integer $n$ and $n$ quadratic functions with quadratic coefficients equal to $1$. The $i$ -th function takes the form $y=(x-i)^2+b_i$.

Then, you are given a positive integer $m$, representing the total number of operations.

There are two types of operations. The first type is to add a quadratic function with a quadratic coefficient of $1$, taking the form $y=(x-a)^2+b$. The second type is query operation, and you should print the minimum function value for all quadratic functions at $x=a$.

Specifically, for each operation, you will be given the type of the operation first. If the type is $0$, it represents the first type of operation. If the type is $1$, it represents the second type of operation. For the first type of operation, you will be given two positive integers $a$ and $b$. For the second type of operation, you wil be given one positive integer $a$.

Input
The first line contains a positive integer $n$ $(1 \le n \le 10^5)$, representing the initial number of functions. The second line contains $n$ positive integers $b_1, b_2,..., b_{n}$ $(1 \le b_i \le n)$, and the $i$ -th function is $y=(x-i)^2+b_i$. The third line contains a positive integer $m$ $(1 \le m \le 10^5)$, representing the total number of operations. Next $m$ lines, each line contains either " $0$ $a$ $b$ " $(1 \le a, b\le n)$ or " $1$ $a$ " $(1 \le a \le n)$, denoting an operation.

Output
Print $q$ lines where the $i$ -th line contains one integer — the answer for the $i$ -th query operation.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes