I. Deadline

Alex works as a developer, and he has hard times now. He has to complete n tasks. Every task i has the latest time d i when it can be completed (starting from the moment of time 0), the time c i needed to complete it, and the tasks that must be completed before task i to get the possibility to start it. We'll say that the i -th task depends on these tasks.

What should be the order of doing tasks to complete all of them in time?

Input
The first line contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 200000) — the number of tasks. Next n lines describe tasks. The i -th line starts with three space-separated integers d i, c i and r i (1 ≤ d i, c i ≤ 10 9,  0 ≤ r i ≤ n - 1) — the latest time to complete the i -th task, the time needed to complete it and the number of tasks which it depends on. Then in the same line r i space-separated integers — the numbers of these tasks — are written. It's guaranteed that there is no number i among these r i numbers. The tasks are numbered from 1 in order of their appearance in the input. The sum of all r i in the input doesn't exceed 200000.

Output
In the first line output « YES » (without quotes) if Alex will be able to complete all the tasks without exceeding any deadlines, or « NO » (without quotes) otherwise. If the answer is « YES », in the second line output n space-separated integers — the numbers of tasks in the order they must be done to fit into all deadlines. If there are many solutions, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes