D. Farm

Tom, an old rancher who manages $n$ farms, is planning several new roads to make his farms connected.

For this purpose, an architecture company provides $m$ building plans, each of which is described by three integers $a$, $b$ and $c$ representing that it would cost $c$ dollars to build a new road connecting the $a$ -th and the $b$ -th farms.

However, the final decision has to satisfy $q$ more constraints. A constraint contains two integers $u$ and $v$, which requires that Tom must choose at least one of the $u$ -th and the $v$ -th plans.

Because of a looming budget shortfall, Tom prefers to minimize the total cost.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ $(1 \leq n \leq 10^5)$ and $m$ $(1 \leq m \leq 5 \times 10^5)$, indicating the number of farms and the number of plans. In the next $m$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains three integers $a$, $b$ $(1 \leq a, b \leq n)$ and $c$ $(1 \leq c \leq 10^3)$, which means that the cost of building a road that connects the $a$ -th and the $b$ -th farms via the $i$ -th plan is $c$ dollars. The next line contains an integer $q$ $(0 \leq q \leq 16)$, indicating the number of constraints. In the next $q$ lines, each line contains two integers $u$ and $v$ $(1 \leq u, v \leq m)$, indicating a constraint that Tom must choose at least one of the $u$ -th and the $v$ -th plans.

Output
If it is possible to connect all farms via building new roads, output an integer in a line representing the minimum total cost that Tom will pay, or otherwise output $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes