I. Bingo

Given two integers $n$, $m$ and an integer sequence $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_{nm}$ of length $n \times m$, we're going to fill a grid of $n$ rows and $m$ columns with the integers from the sequence. More specifically, let $(i, j)$ be the cell on the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column, we'll put the $((i - 1) \times m + j)$ -th element of the sequence (that is, $a_{(i - 1) \times m + j}$) into that cell.

We say an integer $k$ is a "bingo integer" of the sequence, if after filling all the cells, at least one of the two following conditions is satisfied.

It is easy to see that a sequence may have multiple bingo integers, however in this problem, we're only interested in the smallest bingo integer.

Calculate the sum of the smallest bingo integers for all $(nm)!$ permutations of the given sequence. As the answer may be large, output the answer modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n, m \le 2 \times 10^5$, $1 \le n \times m \le 2 \times 10^5$), indicating the number of rows and columns of the grid. The second line contains $n \times m$ integers $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_{nm}$ ($0 \le a_i < 998\,244\,353$) indicating the given sequence. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n \times m$ of all test cases will not exceed $4 \times 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing one integer indicating the answer.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes