I. Ildar Yalalov

Ildar Yalalov is a famous eagle with the head of an uzbek guy. He is a very famous competitive programmer in Russia.

But what people don't know that his friend Sergey was feeding him for 3 months so that his wings grow. Few months ago Yalalov was in the top 20 in some VK cup round. In the next round he missed solving 1 problem because he forgot how to use setprecision function properly.

Sergey was very angry, because he spent all these months training Yalalov and growing his wings but for nothing so he decided to quit that and moved on to some other talented guys.

Ildar decided to challenge Sergey to some game to prove that Sergey is no more than a beginner problem-solver.

There are N piles of stones, the i th pile contains A i stones. Ildar and Sergey are playing a game, they take turns and Ildar starts the first move.

In each turn, the current player has two options:

1) Remove one stone from any pile.

2) Remove one stone from every pile if every pile has at least 1 stone.

The player who can't make a move loses. Can you determine the winner if both players play optimally?

Print " Yalalov " if Ildar Yalalov wins, and " Shin " otherwise.

Input
The first line contains a single integer T, the number of test cases. Each test case starts with a line containing a single integer N, the number of piles. (1 ≤ N ≤ 100) The following line contains N space-separated integers A i, the number of stones in each pile. (1 ≤ A i ≤ 10 6)

Output
For each test case, print " Yalalov " if Ildar Yalalov wins the game, and " Shin " otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes