I. Pizzas

Matías is a renowned chef who has been specializing in pizzas lately.

Having prepared and tasted hundreds of pizzas, Matías noted pairs of ingredients (represented by integers) that have the same flavor.

This relationship of equal flavors is transitive, and sometimes out of laziness, Matías omits pairs that are already represented by the rest of the notes; for example, if he noted that pairs $(1, 2)$ and $(2, 3)$ have the same flavor, he may not note the pair $(1, 3)$ because it can be deduced that if $1$ tastes the same as $2$ and $2$ tastes the same as $3$, then $1$ tastes the same as $3$.

His friends, Javier, Víctor, and Lalo, gathered with Matías to make pizzas, and they came up with the following strategy:

Soon they realized, disappointed, that all the pizzas they made tasted the same. But Víctor, being the computer scientist of the group, became more interested in the total number of different pizzas that could be made with their strategy. Two pizzas are considered different if the sets of ingredients used in both are different.

Víctor quickly calculated the value and wants to confirm the answer with you. Given the number of ingredients and Matías' notes, calculate the number of different pizzas that can be formed modulo $10^9+7$ using the described strategy.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ $(1 \leq n \leq 10^5)$ and $m$ $(0 \leq m \leq \min(\frac{n(n-1)}{2}, 10^5))$, indicating the total number of ingredients and the number of pairs in Matías' notes. The following $m$ lines contain two integers $a_i$, $b_i$ $(1 \leq a_i, b_i \leq n, a_i \neq b_i)$ each, indicating that ingredient $a_i$ has the same flavor as ingredient $b_i$ and vice versa. There are no repeated pairs in Matías' notes.

Output
An integer, indicating the number of different pizzas that can be formed modulo $10^9+7$ using the described strategy.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes