D. Frozen Rivers

In winter, all small rivers of Al-Asi great river in Syria are frozen. But when spring comes back they start to melt. These small rivers are connected to each other exactly like a tree, each river (direct edge in the tree) has a value equal to the amount of ice in it.

Here is the tree of the sample test case:

When rivers start to melt, water starts to flow from node 1 (root of the tree) to any node that it can reach. When the water first reaches a node u, ice starts to melt in all its direct children edges at a rate of 1 unit per second. Once (u, v) edge completely melted, the rate of melting of all other edges that start from u will slow down to be 0.5 unit per second, while the other edges that start from v start melting with 1 unit per second.

Given the rivers tree, and a certain time, can you tell us how many leaves of the tree did the water reach? A leaf is a node that has no children.

Input
The first line contains T the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains N the number of nodes (2 ≤ N ≤ 100, 000). Followed by N - 1 lines, each line describes the nodes 2 to N. Each line will contain 2 integers P i and C i (1 ≤ P i ≤ N) (0 ≤ C i ≤ 100,000) representing the parent of the i-th node (i starts from 2 here) and the amount of ice in the edge connecting the current node to its parent. Node 1 is the root of the tree. After that there is a line contains (1 ≤ Q ≤ 100, 000), the number of queries. Then Q lines contain the times of these queries in seconds (0 ≤ query time ≤ 10 12).

Output
Print one line for each query in each test case, this line should contain the number of leaves that the water reached at the time of the query.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes