A. Acing the contest

A common programming contest format includes teams with three contestants working to solve the maximum amount of programming challenges in the less amount of time using a single computer. Some contests have been created using a similar idea. In this contest a team has $T$ team members, each team member has an energy $E_i$. The higher the energy of the member the more and the harder problems he can solve. There are a total of $P$ programming challenges, to be solved, using a single computer. The programming challenges are numbered with numbers from $1$ to $P$, each one having a difficulty of $D_i$ and a score value of $S_i$.

The contest runs as follows, the first team member will sit in front of the computer and then the contest will start, then the first problem will be shown to him, he has to decide either to solve the problem, to do not solve it and go try the next one, or to stop solving problems. A team member can solve a problem if and only if it's remaining energy is grater or equal to the problem difficulty. Once the team member decides to stop solving problems, he can not solve problems again and the next team member will sit in front of the computer and start with the problem the previous team member left. If the team member $i$ solves problem $j$, then it will take $D_j$ from his $E_i$ energy and score $S_j$ points to the team. If a team member decides to not solve a problem and go to the next one, no other member in the team can go back to solve it. The contest ends for the team when either there are no more problems to solve, or there are no team members left to work on the remaining problems.

For this particular problem your task is, given the energy of each team member, the difficulty and score of the problems in a contest, determine in what order the team members should solve the problems so the team can score their maximum possible score.

Input
The first line of input contains two integer numbers separated by a space $T$ and $P$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10$, $1 \leq P \leq 100$), representing, respectively, the number of team members in the team, and the number of problems in the contest. The next line contains $T$ integer numbers separated by a space, where the $i$ -th number represents the energy $E_i$ ($1 \leq E_i \leq 100$) of the team member. The next line contains $P$ integer numbers separated by a space, where the $i$ -th number represents the difficulty $D_i$ ($1 \leq D_i \leq 100$) of the $i$ -th problem in the contests, the next and last line of input contains $P$ integer number separated by a space, where the $i$ -th number represents the score $S_i$ ($1 \leq S_i \leq 100$) the $i$ -th problem gives to the team if they solve it.

Output
Output a line with a single integer number, the maximum possible score the team can obtain.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes