G. Stores

Monocarp lives in a city, which can be represented as a segment of the number line. The leftmost border of the city is at the point $0$, and the rightmost border is at the point $10^{9}$.

There are $n$ stores in the city. Each store is located at a point with integer coordinate: the $i$ -th store is located at the point $a_i$. Among the $n$ stores, there is exactly one store at the point $0$ and exactly one store at the point $10^{9}$. There is at most one store at each integer coordinate.

The government has decided to build $m$ more stores in the city. It is prohibited to build a new store at a point where a store already exists, and at each integer point, at most one new store can be built. It is also prohibited to build stores to the left of point $0$ and to the right of point $10^{9}$.

Your task is to choose where to build the new $m$ stores in such a way that among all $(n+m-1)$ pairs of neighboring stores, the maximum distance between the stores in a pair is the minimum possible. In other words, you have to minimize the length of the longest segment connecting two neighboring stores.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2 \le n \le 200\,000$, $1 \le m \le 200\,000$) — the number of stores already built in the city and the number of new stores to be built. The second line contains a sequence of distinct integers $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i \le 10^{9}$), where $a_i$ is the coordinate of the $i$ -th store. Additional constraint on the input: there is exactly one number $0$ (the store at coordinate $0$) and exactly one number $10^{9}$ (the store at coordinate $10^{9}$) in the given sequence.

Output
Print one integer — the minimum possible maximum distance between two neighboring stores.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes