E. Equal Schedules

You are one of the people on-call for a high-availability service that offers users to solve programming tasks. As an organized team, you have an on-call schedule specifying who is responsible for the service at which time. A colleague sends you a new schedule, and you want to make sure that everyone has the same amount of on-call time as before, or print any differences. The on-call schedule is specified with lines of form $s_i\,e_i\,t_i$, where $s_i$ and $e_i$ represent the start and end offsets of the on-call shift for a teammate $t_i$ from some start hour.

Given a sample schedule

$\texttt{0 7 jan} \\ \texttt{7 14 tomaz} \\ \texttt{14 20 jure} \\ \texttt{20 24 jan} \\ \texttt{24 25 tomaz} \\ \texttt{25 26 jure}$

we can see that $\texttt{jan}$ is on-call for the first $7$ hours (hour $0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5$, and $6$), $\texttt{tomaz}$ for next $7, \ldots $ In total, $\texttt{jan}$ is on-call for $11$ hours, $\texttt{tomaz}$ for $8$ and jure for $7$.

Input
The input contains two schedules separated by a horizontal line ------. Each schedule contains one or more lines of form $s_i\,e_i\,t_i$, where integers $s_i$ and $e_i$ specify that teammate $t_i$ is on-call for hours from $s_i$ up to and excluding $e_i$. A final line ====== is printed after the second schedule. Input limits For each schedule, the following holds: $s_1 = 0$ $si \lt e_i$ $s_{i+1} = e_i$ $e_i \leq 1000$ Name $t_i$ will consist of lowercase letters from the English alphabet. $3 \leq |t_i| \leq 20$

Output
Output the differences between two schedules, in form $t_i \pm d_i$, where $d_i$ is the difference between the second and the first schedule for the teammate $t_i$. The output should be sorted alphabetically by teammates' names and teammates with no differences should be omitted, otherwise the difference should be printed with a + or a - sign. If no differences are found, print " No differences found. " (without the quotes).

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes