N. Number Multiplication

Eugenius is a very bright mathematician who enjoys multiplying numbers.

Once, he found $M$ nodes written on a piece of paper, numbered from 1 to $M$, we call these $M$ -nodes. Each node $i$ was labeled with a unique prime number $p_i$, such that the primes were ordered (i.e. if $i < j$ then $p_i < p_j$).

Later on, he decided to draw $N$ new nodes, called $N$ -nodes, and add edges between nodes in $M$ and nodes in $N$. He was very careful not to connect an $M$ -node with an $M$ -node, nor an $N$ -node with an $N$ -node; he wasn't as careful regarding how many edges between any two nodes he drew.

And just like that, he ended up with a bipartite multigraph.

As he mainly enjoyed multiplying numbers, he decided to label each $N$ -node with the multiplication of all $M$ -nodes that were directly connected to it; where each $M$ -node was multiplied as many times as edges were between them.

Each $N$ -node $i$ ended up being labeled with a number $c_i$. Then, the following formula characterizes each $c_i$ :

$$ c_i = \prod_{(j,i) \in E} p_j, $$

where $E$ is the multiset of added edges, and every edge $e$ satisfies $e \in M \times N$. Later on, Eugenius decided to grab something to eat. While he was enjoying his torus, he accidentally spilled coffee on the labels $p_i$ and they disappeared.

Can you help him recover those sorted prime numbers?

Input
The first line contains three integers $M$, $N$ and $K$, the amount of $M$ -nodes, the amount of $N$ -nodes and the amount of distinct edges. These values are such that $1 \le M, N < 10^3$ and $1 \le K \le 10^4$. The next line has $N$ numbers $c_i$ (the labels of the $N$ -nodes), such that $1 < c_i < 10^{15}$. Finally, there are $K$ lines, each of these has three numbers $m$ $n$ $d$, representing that there are $d$ edges between $M$ -node $m$ and $N$ -node $n$, satisfying $1 \le m \le M$, $1 \le n \le N$ and $1 \le d \le 50$. It is guaranteed that all nodes ($M$ -nodes and $N$ -nodes) have degree at least 1.

Output
Output a single line with $M$ sorted numbers, the prime labels of the $M$ -nodes of indices $1, \ldots, M$ that keep Eugenius awake.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes