H. Hilarious Cooking

All laws of physics appearing in this problem statement are fictitious. Any resemblance to the real world is purely coincidental.

To discuss problem proposals and select a proper problemset for an upcoming competition jury team has gathered at a magnificent palace in Moscow suburbs (typically called dacha). Chief judge is now struggling to prepare a roast beef barbecue using a recipe he just found in the Internet.

According to recipe a roast beef should be cooked for exactly n seconds. The total amount of heat received by beef should be equal to T. Formally, if we denote the temperature inside the barbecue during the i -th second as t i, the sum t 1 + t 2 + ... + t n should be equal to T. Moreover, there are m additional instructions, the i -th of them states that in order to achieve the perfect result the temperature inside the barbecue during the a i -th second should be equal to b i, i.e. t a i should be b i.

However, the task is complicated by the fact that the barbecue that chief judge is using this time has some restrictions. First of all, the barbecue only allows t i to take non-negative integer values. Second, t i can't change too fast, i.e. the condition | t i - t i + 1 | ≤ 1 should be satisfied for all i from 1 to n - 1.

There are no other restrictions, in particular it is allowed to start and finish with any temperature, i.e. the values t 1 and t n can be arbitrary non-negative integers, unless the opposite is directly specified in the recipe. Your goal is to help chief judge and determine whether his task is even possible, or he should look for another recipe.

Input
The first line of the input contains three integers T, n and m (1 ≤ T ≤ 10 18, 1 ≤ n ≤ 2·10 9, 1 ≤ m ≤ 100 000) — the total amount of heat that beef should receive, the exact number of seconds it should be cooked for, and the number of instructions in the recipe. The next m lines contain the instructions in chronological order. The i -th instruction is defined by two integers a i and b i (1 ≤ a i ≤ n, 0 ≤ b i ≤ 10 9) stating that the temperature inside the barbecue should be equal to b i during the second a i. It is guaranteed that a 1 < a 2 < ... < a m.

Output
If there exists a sequence of non-negative t 1, t 2, ..., t n such that, | t i - t i + 1 | ≤ 1 for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n - 1, and t a i = b i for all i from 1 to m, print " Yes " (without quotes) in the only line of the output. Otherwise, print " No " (without quotes).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes