L. The Bugs

A submarine painted in bright plastic lemon color is investigating ocean depths and measuring the concentration of plastic yoctoparticles in the water. Each measurement (due to ingenious choice of the units) is a positive integer.

The measurement system is very recent, poorly tested and prone to errors. The project management suspects it is full of bugs. They find themselves in a time of trouble. Mother Mary also suspects it is full of bugs. Everybody cries: Help!

To identify and correct the bugs, they came together and decided to take the sequence of measured concentrations and analyze all triplets that occur in the sequence of measurements.

A measured triplet is a triplet which is a subsequence of the measurement sequence. That is, the elements of the triplet appear in the measurement sequence in the same order they appear in the triplet, but in the sequence they do not necessarily follow each other.

Before they are analyzed, the measured triplets are grouped according to their labels. The management wants to know in advance the set of labels of all measured triplets.

Input
The first line contains one integer $N$ ($3 \leq N \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$), the number of measurements. The next line contains $N$ integers $x_1, x_2, \ldots, x_N$ ($1 \leq x_i \leq 10^9$), each representing one measurement.

Output
Print, in the increasing order, all different labels of all measured triplets which can be obtained from the given sequence of measurements, one per line. A label should be printed with no spaces between its consecutive elements.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes