F. Finalists

Frank is trying his best to win a slot in Asia Pacific to the World Finals. But he could not find the selection rules to estimate his chance. Last night, Frank's coach found the following document.

Assume that the document is the final selection rules for teams from Asia Pacific. Given N and the necessary numbers to calculate the site scores, please write a program to compute the number of slots allocated to Taiwan.

Input
There are seven lines in the inputs. The first line contains N, the number of World Finals slots given from the ICPC Headquarters. Each of the following six lines consists of one string $s$ and five non-negative integers $p_t, p_u, r_t, r_u, f$. The string and the numbers are separated by spaces. $s$ is a country hosting a regional contest. $p_t$ is the number of teams solving at least one problem in the preliminary contests hosted by the country $s$. $p_u$ is the number of universities solving at least one problem in the preliminary contests hosted by the country $s$. $r_t$ is the number of teams solving at least one problem in the regional contest hosted by the country $s$. $r_u$ is the number of universities solving at least one problem in the regional contest hosted by the country $s$. $f$ is the number of foreign teams solving at least one problem in the regional hosted by the country $s$. N is at least $6$ and at most $50$. Each line has a distinct $s$. $s$ is among the following countries: Vietnam, Indonesia, Philippines, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. $0\le p_u\le p_t\le 5000$ $0\le r_u\le r_t\le 300$ $0\le f\le 30$ You may assume that distinct regional contests have different site scores. The size of an input file is no more than 64 kilobytes.

Output
Output the number of slots allocated to Taiwan.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes