B. Scientific Hypotheses

Professor Termitov is studying $n$ new hypotheses in the scientific world.

It is known that the $i$ -th hypothesis has an impossibility index $p_i$. The professor will believe in a hypothesis that is sufficiently plausible but will refuse to believe in one that seems completely fantastic.

Whether the professor believes in the $i$ -th hypothesis depends on his level of imagination $f_{i - 1}$ :

In this case, his level of imagination will become $f_{i} = \max{(f_{i - 1}, p_i)}$.

In this case, his level of imagination will become $f_{i} = f_{i - 1} - \max{(d, p_i - f_{i - 1} - c)}$, where $d$ is the disappointment degree parameter.

It is also known that none of the values $f_0 \dots f_n$ can be negative.

You happened to witness this process through a laboratory window. In the end, you saw all the reactions of your colleague $r_i$ (believed / did not believe), but you did not hear the hypotheses themselves.

Now you are interested in finding any set $p_i$ that leads to the given sequence of reactions $r_i$ (considering the constraints on $f_i$).

If there are multiple suitable sets, output any set with the minimally possible $\max{(p_i)}$.

Input
The first line contains integers $n$, $f_0$, $c$, $d$ $(1 \le n \le 3 \cdot 10^5, \, 1 \le f_0, \, c, \, d \le 5000)$ — the number of hypotheses, the initial value of the professor's level of imagination, and the parameters of trust credit and disappointment degree, respectively. The second line contains a string $r$ $(|r| = n; r_i \in [T, F])$ — the professor's reactions to the $i$ -th hypothesis. If $r_i = T$, then the professor believed in the $i$ -th hypothesis; if $r_i = F$, then the $i$ -th hypothesis was deemed too implausible.

Output
In the first line, output YES if the sequence $p$ can be constructed, and NO if such a sequence does not exist. If the sequence exists, output two more lines. In the second line, output an integer $pmax$ — the maximum value among all values $p_i$. In the third line, output $n$ integers $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ $(0 \le p_i \le pmax)$ — suitable values of the impossibility indices.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes