G. Number of Faces

Two planes, $H_1$ and $H_2,$ are in a three-dimensional Euclidean space with axes, $x, y,$ and $z,$ where $H_1$ is defined by $z=1$ and $H_2$ by $z=2.$

You are given $n$ real numbers, $d_1, \ldots, d_n,$ and $m$ real numbers, $d'_1, \ldots, d'_m$. These real numbers are positive and strictly less than $180.$ Consider drawing the following convex polygons on the planes $H_1$ and $H_2$.

Once the positions of the two polygons are fixed, the convex polyhedron whose vertex set is these $n+m$ vertices is uniquely determined. Write a program that enumerates all the possible numbers of faces that such a convex polyhedron can have.

Here, all the dihedral angles (angles between two adjacent faces) of a convex polyhedron must be strictly less than $180$ degrees.

In the first test case of Sample Input 1, quadrilaterals whose interior angles are all $90$ degrees are drawn on $H_1$ and $H_2$. For example, a rectangular cuboid can be constructed as in Figure G.1 (a), which has six faces. By rotating one of the quadrilaterals as shown in Figure G.1 (b), a convex polyhedron with ten faces can be constructed. The possible numbers of faces are six and ten.

Input
The input consists of at most $50$ test cases, each in the following format. $n$ $d_1$ $\vdots$ $d_n$ $m$ $d'_1$ $\vdots$ $d'_m$ The integer $n$ represents the number of vertices of the polygon drawn on $H_1$ ($3 \le n \le 50$). The real numbers, $d_1, \ldots, d_n$, represent the interior angles. They are at least $10^{-9}$ and strictly less than $180,$ and are given with exactly nine digits after the decimal point. They satisfy $d_1 + \cdots + d_n = (n-2)\times 180.$ Similarly, the integer $m$ represents the number of vertices of the polygon drawn on $H_2$ ($3 \le m \le 50$). The real numbers, $d'_1, \ldots, d'_m$, represent the interior angles. They are at least $10^{-9}$ and strictly less than $180,$ and are given with exactly nine digits after the decimal point. They satisfy $d'_1 + \cdots + d'_m = (m-2)\times 180.$ The end of the input is indicated by a line consisting only of a zero.

Output
For each test case, output in a line all possible numbers of faces that the convex polyhedron can have, in ascending order, separated by a space.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes