D. Effective network

Quite recently, in a very close galaxy cluster, there was a bunch of planets. As the galaxy expands to a vast space, the only effective way of traveling between them is to use the network of teleporters. Due to technological problems, one can only travel between certain pairs of teleporters, using so-called links. This means that in order to travel from planet A to planet B, one may need to first teleport from A to some intermediate planet before reaching B. The distance between planets A and B is the minimum number of links required to travel between them. It is guaranteed that one can travel between each pair of planets using a finite number of links, but this number may be quite large for some pairs.

You are an employee of Teleport GmbH and were tasked to set up terms and conditions for the GA Travel Card such that the customers are happy. In order to do this, you need to select a non-empty subset of planets, called promoted planets, and designate all the links between them (and only those) to be included in the GA. We will call these free links. Thanks to customer survey you know that there are three conditions you need to fulfill:

Determine whether it is possible to find a set of promoted planets, and if so, return one set that satisfies the conditions. If there are multiple solutions, return any of them.

Input
First line contains integers 1 ≤ N ≤ 5000,, 1 ≤ K ≤ N – the number of planets, the number of links, and the height of the demands, respectively. Next M lines contain description of links. Each link is represented by two integers, 1 ≤ u i, v i ≤ N, meaning that there is a link between planets u i and v i. It is guaranteed that no pair occurs more than once, and also that u i ≠ v i. It is guaranteed that one can travel between each pair of planets using a finite number of links.

Output
If there is a solution, output two lines: the first containing a single integer R – the number of promoted planets. On the second line, print R space separated integers, specifying the indices of promoted planets. If there is no set of planets that would satisfy the conditions, output a single line containing the integer 0.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes