J. Arcology

You've recently moved to an arcology – a single megastructure city, which consists of an $n \times m$ rectangular grid of towers. The tower in the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column has height $h_{ij}$ and consists of $h_{ij}$ size $1 \times 1 \times 1$ blocks, one block at each level. But getting around in your new city has proven surprisingly challenging.

You can move in two ways:

To plan your commute, you want to answer queries of the following form. For each query, suppose you start at the top block of the tower at the position $(i_a,j_a)$ and you need to get to the top block of the tower at $(i_b,j_b)$. Calculate the smallest possible stress of a such a journey.

Input
The first line of input contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \leq n \cdot m \leq 10^6$), the size of the arcology. Then follow $n$ lines of $m$ integers $h_{ij}$ $(1 \leq h_{ij} \leq 10^9)$, where the $j$ -th integer in the $i$ -th row specifies the height of the tower at the same position in grid. The next line contains a single integer, the number of queries $q$ $(1 \leq q \leq 5 \cdot 10^5)$. Then follow $q$ lines of four integers $i_a, j_a, i_b, j_b$ ($1 \leq i_a,i_b \leq n$, $1 \leq j_a,j_b \leq m$). These represent a query where you start at top block of the tower at the position $(i_a, j_a)$ and you need to get to the top block of the tower at $(i_b, j_b)$.

Output
Output $q$ lines. In the $i$ -th line output a single integer, the smallest possible stress of a journey from start to finish for the $i$ -th query.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes