K. Video Reviews

The studio «Lodka Gaming» is engaged in advertising of their new game «.C.O.N.T.E.S.T: Unexpected Behaviour». The studio's marketer is planning to communicate with n videobloggers one by one (in the predetermined order, starting from the 1-st and ending with the n -th), offering them to record a video review on the game. All people are different and videobloggers are as well, therefore the i -th videoblogger will record a review in two cases: either he is interested in this game, or there are already at least a i video reviews on this game.

The studio wants to have at least m video reviews in the Internet. The game designer of «Lodka Gaming» understands these video reviews possibly would not appear by themselves, so he wants to convince some video bloggers that they are actually interested in this game. Which minimal number of videobloggers are needed to be convinced ?

Input
The first line contains two integers n and m (1 ≤ n ≤ 200000, 1 ≤ m ≤ n) — the number of videobloggers and the required number of video reviews. The second line contains n integers a i (0 ≤ a i ≤ 200000) — the minimal number of video reviews that should appear in the Internet so that the i -th videoblogger will record a review in case he is not interested in the game.

Output
Output a single integer — the minimal number of videobloggers who have to be convinced to record a video review on the game in order to achieve at least m total video reviews in the Internet.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes