C. Continued Fractions

Continued fractions are a powerful mathematical tool. They are however, too complicated, so we have created our own definition.

Let $(a, b)$ be a pair of positive integers. We call the sequence $\left \{\frac{a+n}{b+n} \right\}_{n=0}^{\infty}$ the continued fractions of the pair $(a, b)$. For example, if $a = 14$ and $b = 2$, the sequence of continued fractions begins with $\frac{14}{2}$, $\frac{15}{3}$, $\frac{16}{4}$, $\frac{17}{5}$, $\frac{18}{6}$, $\frac{19}{7}$.

Note that if $a \neq b$ the sequence of continued fractions contains only a finite number of integers. In the above example, the elements that are integers are those with indices $n = 0, 1, 2, 4, 10$.

We define the integrity of a pair of integers $(a, b)$ to be the length of the longest prefix of the sequence of continued fractions that contains only integers. For example $\textrm{integrity}(14, 2) = 3$.

You are given a positive integer $p$. Your task is to find and report all pairs of integers $(a, b)$ that satisfy the following two conditions:

Input
The first line of input contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 20$) — the number of test cases. $t$ lines follow (one for each test case), the $i$ -th of which ($1 \leq i \leq t$) is containing a single integer $p_i$ ($2 \leq p_i \leq 10^{18}$) — corresponding to the $p$ from the description above.

Output
For each test case, first output one line containing a single integer $k$ – the number of pairs $(a, b)$ satisfying the two conditions from the problem statement. Then output $k$ integers $b_1, b_2, \dots, b_k$ — the values of $b$ sorted in ascending order. Note that under the constraints of the problem it can be shown that the sum of all $k$ is at most $100\,000$.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes