D. Ali The Multi-billionaire

Ali is a multi-billionaire. Sometimes, for fun he give away his money to his friends. But Ali is a strange person, so he likes to play a game first.

First, he arrange all his friends in a circle. He assign his friends number from $1$ to $N$ in clockwise direction. Each of his friends need to remember two integer, $a$ and $b$ which its initial value is $1$. These two integer is used to calculate another integer $x$ using the following formula:

In the game, Ali give several command to his friends. In each command, Ali will specify four thing, the integer to increment (either $a$ or $b$), an integer $h$ which is how much should the number be incremented by and two position, $j$ and $k$. When Ali call out the command, his friend from $j$ to $k$ in clockwise direction will increment their number by $h$. After all the commands are given out, all his friend can calculate their $x$, and that is the amount that Ali will give out to the respective friend.

Given the number of friends $N$ and $M$ instructions that Ali give out, find out how much in total Ali need to give to his friends.

Input
The first line starts with two number $N$ and $M$, $(1 ≤ N, M ≤ 2 × 10^4)$ which is the number of friends and the number of instruction. The next $M$ line consist of one character and three integer, $c_{i}, j_{i}, k_{i}$ and $h_{i}$ $(1 ≤ j_{i}, k_{i} ≤ N, 1 ≤ h_{i} ≤ 10^6)$. $c_{i}$ is either $'a'$ or $'b'$.

Output
Print a single integer which is the total $x$ across all Ali's friend.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes