D. Day Streak

Recently Deltaforces, a famous competitive programming website, added a lot of new visual information to user profiles. In particular, there is a maximum day streak — the maximum number of days in a row with at least one problem solved. You decided that the maximum day streak in your profile does not accurately represent your training efforts. So you came up with a thought — what if you could change the time zone in your profile to increase the maximum day streak?

Let's formalize this setting as follows. Suppose you have solved $n$ problems, and the $i$ -th problem was solved at time $a_i$. There are $m$ time zones, numbered from $0$ to $m - 1$. The default time zone is $0$. If you decide to change your time zone to $t$, all solutions' timestamps increase by $t$ : the problem solved at time $a_i$ is now considered to be solved at time $a_i + t$, for all $i$ simultaneously.

The problem solved at time $x$ is considered to be solved on day number $\lfloor \frac{x}{m} \rfloor$. Here $\lfloor v \rfloor$ means $v$ rounded down to the greatest integer less than or equal to $v$.

To display the maximum day streak, Deltaforces finds such $l$ and $r$ that you have solved at least one problem on each of days $l, l+1, \ldots, r$, and $r - l + 1$ is as large as possible. Then your maximum day streak is shown as $r - l + 1$.

Find the maximum day streak you can achieve by selecting a time zone.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 2 \cdot 10^5$). Description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ — the number of solved problems and the number of time zones ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$; $1 \le m \le 10^9$). The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ — distinct timestamps of your solutions, in chronological order ($0 \le a_1 < a_2 < \dotsb < a_n \le 10^9$). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print two integers $s$ and $t$ — the maximum day streak and any time zone that achieves it ($1 \le s \le n$; $0 \le t < m$).

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes