B. Balanced Seesaw Array

Bob likes to play seesaw. He thinks that it would be really funny if the seesaw is in a balanced state. It means that the seesaw is not tilted to the left and right. After playing the seesaw, Bob thinks about a problem related to the balanced seesaw. Let $A=[a_1,a_2,\dots,a_m]$ denote an array of length $m$. Bob thinks that $[a_1,a_2,\dots,a_m]$ is a balanced seesaw array if there exists an integer $k$ between $1$ to $m$ such that $\sum_{i=1}^m(i-k) a_i = 0$. Bob gets an array $A=[a_1,a_2,\dots,a_n]$ as his birthday gift, and he is curious about whether some non-empty subarray is a balanced seesaw array. More formally, he is interested in whether $[a_\ell,a_{\ell+1},\dots,a_r]$ is a balanced seesaw array for some specified pair $(\ell,r)$ where $1\le\ell\le r\le n$. Bob also finds that the elements in its array will change by time, it will have the following two types of changes.

For convenience, Bob will give you the array $A=[a_1,a_2,\dots,a_n]$ first. Then, there are $q$ operations. Each operation will be one of the following three types.

Input
The first line of input contains two integers $n$ and $q$. $n$ is the length of the array, and $q$ is the number of operations. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_i$ to define the array. Each of the following $q$ lines is an operation described in the problem statement. $1 \leq n \leq 100000$ $1 \leq q \leq 1200000$ $-1000 \leq a_i \leq 1000$ $-10000 \leq x \leq 10000$ For $1\le i\le n$, you may assume that $|a_i|\le 1.5\times 10^{9}$ after any operation. $1 \leq \ell \leq r \leq n$

Output
Please output " Yes " or " No " to indicate whether $[a_\ell,a_{\ell+1},\dots,a_{r}]$ is a balanced seesaw array for each type $3$ operation.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes