E. Life Transfer

Note: "feli" is the local currency.

In the great city of Nekoresti, there are $n$ people for which we know their ages: $a_i$ is the age of the $i$ -th person. Currently, they are on vacation, so they decided to go on a trip to Pisiev to visit a Koshkseum, a famous museum. They can go either by car or by motorcycle:

Unfortunately, people have money issues, so they decided to consult Mewlin, the great local magician from the city. Using a formidable spell called Mucadabra, Mewlin can transfer age from one person to another. Formally, he can reduce the age $x$ of a person and increase the age $y$ of another person by the same amount (so the sum of ages is constant). The cost to transfer $1$ unit of age is $t$ feli. For magic medical reasons, the age of a person cannot be changed by more than $d$ years (if the initial age is $x$, his age must be at least $x-d$ and at most $x+d$ at all times). Also, the age cannot go below $1$ year old.

Help the people from Nekoresti to spend as little money as possible, so they can arrive in Pisiev.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \leq n, k \leq 10^5$) — the number of people and the maximum number of people that can be in one car. The second line contains four integers $l_c$, $p_c$, $l_m$ and $p_m$ ($1 \leq l_m \lt l_c \leq 10^5$, $1 \leq p_m \lt p_c \leq 10^5$) — the minimum needed age to drive a car; the price of renting one car; the minimum needed age to drive a motorcycle and the price of renting one motorcycle. The third line contains two integers $t$ and $d$ ($0 \leq t,d \leq 10^5$) — the price of transferring one year and the maximum number of times the spells can be applied per each person. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq 10^5$) — the age of the $i$ -th person.

Output
Print one number, the smallest amount of feli the people need to spend in order for them to reach their destination. If there is no such solution, print $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes