F. Following Arrows

Panda is a puzzle designer and decides to create a two-dimensional maze based on an arrow-following theme. This maze is a grid with $N$ rows and $M$ columns. Each cell contains an arrow: $\texttt{L}$ (Left), $\texttt{R}$ (Right), $\texttt{U}$ (Up), or $\texttt{D}$ (Down).

Cells are indexed with $(x,y)$, where $x$ is the row $(1 \le x \le N)$ and $y$ is the column $(1 \le y \le M)$. The top-left corner is $(1,1)$ and the bottom-right corner is $(N,M)$. The player starts at position $(1,1)$, and proceeds in discrete steps until reaching $(N,M)$ for the first time. Each step consists of the following two actions performed in order:

Panda wants to design a maze, with a maximum size of $8 \times 8$, such that a player starting at $(1,1)$ and following the rules reaches $(N,M)$ in exactly $k$ steps.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 2\times 10^4$), denoting the number of test cases. Each test case contains an integer $k$ ($1 \leq k \leq 10^6$) in a single line, which is the required number of steps for the player to exit the maze. It is guaranteed that the sum of $k$ over all the test cases does not exceed $8\times 10^7$.

Output
For each test case, if it is impossible to design such a maze, output $\texttt{-1 -1}$ in a single line. Otherwise, first output one line containing two integers $N,M$ ($1 \leq N, M \leq 8$), representing the size of the maze. Then output $N$ lines, with $M$ characters per line, representing the maze. Every character in the maze is one of $\texttt{L}$, $\texttt{R}$, $\texttt{U}$, $\texttt{D}$. You must ensure that the number of operations required to go from $(1,1)$ to $(N,M)$ is exactly $k$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes