K. K-Coverage

Panda has a one-dimensional axis with $n$ segments placed on its non-negative side. The left endpoint of the $i$-th segment is $l_i$. Every segment has the same length, $L$. This means the $i$-th segment covers the interval $[l_i, l_i+L-1]$ (inclusive).

Now, Panda wants you to find the maximum number of integer points on the non-negative side of the axis that can be covered exactly $k$ times after moving at most one segment. Specifically, you are allowed to select at most one segment and change its left endpoint to any non-negative integer (with no upper bound). The segment's length, $L$, remains the same.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T$ ($1\le T\le 2\times 10^5$), denoting the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains three positive integers $n, L, k$ ($1\le n\le 2\times 10^5$, $1\le L\le n$, $1\le k\le n$). $n$ is the total number of segments, $L$ is the fixed length of every segment, and $k$ is the required coverage count. The second line contains $n$ non-negative integers. The $i$-th integer is $l_i$ ($0\le l_i\le 2 \times n$) representing the left endpoint of the $i$-th segment. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2\times 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output one line with a single integer, denoting the maximum number of integer points that can be covered exactly $k$ times after moving at most one segment.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes