C. Grid city

Alpha is a modern and very well-planned city. The city is arranged in a grid shape with all the streets are one-way and parallel to the North-South axis or East-West axis. There are V vertical streets (parallel to North-South axis) and H horizontal streets (parallel to East-West axis). V vertical streets are numbered 1 to V from West to East. H horizontal streets are numbered 1 to H from South to North.

If we represent this city in a 2D plane, the first vertical street is on the line x = 0, the first horizontal street is on the line y = 0. The ith vertical street is VG i meters from the (i + 1) th vertical street. The jth horizontal street is HG j meters from the (j + 1) th horizontal street.

Vertical streets are either Northbound (go from South to North) or Southbound (go from North to South). The directions of these vertical streets are given in a string VD where VD i is either ‘N’ or ‘S’. Horizontal streets are either Westbound (go from East to West) or Eastbound (go from West to East). The directions of these horizontal streets are given in a string HD where HD j is either ‘W’ or ‘E’.

Given K queries x 1, y 1, x 2, y 2, you are to calculate the shortest path from (x 1, y 1) to (x 2, y 2).

Input
The first line is the number T (T ≤ 20) denotes the number of test cases. Then T test cases follow: The first line of each test is integers V, H, K.(1 ≤ V, H ≤ 5000, 1 ≤ K ≤ 1000) The second line of each test is VG - an array of length V - 1 (1 ≤ VG i ≤ 1000) The third line of each test is HG - an array of length H - 1 (1 ≤ HG j ≤ 1000) The fourth line of each test is VD - a string of length V The fifth line of each test is HD - a string of length H Then K queries follow. Each query consists of 4 non-negative integers x 1, y 1, x 2, y 2. It is guarantee that each points lies on a street.

Output
For each query, print the shortest distance. If it is not possible to go from (x 1, y 1) to (x 2, y 2), print -1 instead.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes