C. Median Walk

You are given an undirected graph with $n$ vertices and $m$ edges. The vertices are numbered by integers from $1$ to $n$. Each vertex has a value written in it; the value in the vertex $v$ is equal to $c_v$.

A walk between two vertices $v_1$ and $v_k$ is defined as a sequence of vertices $v_1$, $v_2$, $\ldots$, $v_k$ such that the vertices $v_i$ and $v_{i+1}$ are connected by an edge for all $1 \leq i \leq k-1$. Note that the same vertex and even the same edge can occur multiple times in a walk.

We define the median of $k$ numbers to be the $\left\lfloor\frac{k}{2}+1 \right\rfloor$ -th largest number (the $1$ -st largest number is the smallest). The brackets $\lfloor \rfloor$ denote rounding the number to the highest integer not exceeding it. For this task, we define the value of a walk to be the median value of the values of all vertices in the walk. Note that if the walk has length $k$, you should consider $k$ numbers (that is, you should consider each vertex as many times as it is visited).

Find the smallest possible value of a walk between vertices $1$ and $n$ !

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 10^5$) and $m$ ($0 \leq m \leq 10^5$), the number of vertices and edges in the graph. Then $n$ integers follow, the values $c_1$, $\ldots$, $c_n$ ($1 \leq c_i \leq 10^9$). The next $m$ lines contain the description of the edges, the $i$ -th of these lines contains two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ ($1 \leq a_i, b_i \leq n$), the numbers of the endpoints of the $i$ -th edge. The given graph can contain multiple edges and self-loops.

Output
Output a single integer, the minimum possible value of a walk between the vertices $1$ and $n$. If no path exists between vertices $1$ and $n$, output $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes