E. Chaves and habibi arrays

Some time ago, Chaves was walking through the Egyptian market, where many vendors offered him products with great discounts. Chaves was captivated by certain arrangements of numbers, called "habibi arrays."

A habibi array of $N$ elements is an array of distinct numbers where each number is between 1 and $10^9$. For example, if $N = 3$, the array $[3, 7, 2]$ is a habibi array, but the array $[3, 3, 2]$ is not (because the number 3 is repeated).

Chaves, being an excellent negotiator, offered $0.00001 in cash for one of the habibi arrays. However, the Egyptian vendor indicated that the price of a habibi array must be calculated in a more elaborate way.

To determine the price, we define that an array of $N$ distinct elements $A_1, \ldots, A_N$ is melo if we can write the sorted array in ascending order using a stack and $2N$ operations, where:

In the $i$ -th operation could be of the types:

If at the end of the process, the written numbers are sorted in ascending order and the stack is empty, then the array is melo. For example, the array $[3, 2, 1]$ is melo because, after three operations of the first kind, the stack becomes $[3, 2, 1]$ with 1 at the top. We could then remove the top element three times, leaving us with the new array $[1, 2, 3]$, which is sorted in ascending order.

Other examples:

A stack is a data structure that operates in a last-in, first-out (LIFO) manner. Elements are added (pushed) to the top and removed (popped) from the top. For example, if we push the elements 1, 2, and 3 onto the stack in that order, the stack will look like this: $[1, 2, 3]$ (with 3 at the top). If we then pop an element, we will remove 3, and the stack will become $[1, 2]$.

Finally, the price of a habibi array is the number of melo subarrays it contains. A subarray is a contiguous portion of an array; for example, $[1,3]$ is a subarray of $[1,1,3,2]$, but $[1,2]$ is not.

Given a habibi array, help Chaves determine how much the Egyptian vendor will charge him.

Input
The input consists of an integer $1 \leq N \leq 10^6$ and a habibi array of $N$ elements, where each element is distinct and between 1 and $10^9$.

Output
Print the number of melo subarrays in the given array.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes