M. Matrix Construction

Mary loves constructing matrices!

Today, Mary wants to fill a permutation $^{\dagger}$ of length $n \times m$ into an $n \times m$ matrix $A$, such that the sum of any two adjacent elements is unique.

In other words, for any $1 \leq x_1,x_2,x_3,x_4 \leq n, 1 \leq y_1,y_2,y_3,y_4 \leq m$, if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

For example, when $n=2$ and $m=3$, matrix $B$ is a valid solution, while matrix $C$ is not valid because $C_{1,1}+C_{2,1}=C_{1,2}+C_{1,3}$.

$$ B = \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 3 & 2 \\ 6 & 5 & 4 \end{bmatrix}, \quad C = \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 2 & 3 \\ 4 & 5 & 6 \end{bmatrix} $$

Given $n$ and $m$, can all the conditions above be satisfied? If so, output a valid solution.

$^{\dagger}$ A permutation of length $n$ is an array consisting of $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ in arbitrary order. For example, $[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but $[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation ($2$ appears twice in the array), and $[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation ($n=3$ but there is a $4$ in the array).

Input
Each test file contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line contains two integers $n,m$ ($1 \leq n,m \leq 1000$). For each test file, it is guaranteed that the sum of $n \times m$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, output on the first line whether a valid solution exists. If there is a valid solution, output " Yes "; otherwise, output " No ". You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings " yEs ", " yes ", " Yes ", and " YES " will be recognized as positive responses. If a valid solution exists, you must also output $n$ lines, each containing $m$ integers. The $j$ -th number on the $i$ -th line represents the number at row $i$ and column $j$ in the matrix. You must make sure that the output numbers form a permutation of length $n \times m$. If there are multiple solutions, you may print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes