A. Organizing SWERC

Gianni, SWERC's chief judge, received a huge amount of high quality problems from the judges and now he has to choose a problem set for SWERC.

He received $n$ problems and he assigned a beauty score and a difficulty to each of them. The $i$ -th problem has beauty score equal to $b_i$ and difficulty equal to $d_i$. The beauty and the difficulty are integers between $1$ and $10$.

If there are no problems with a certain difficulty (the possible difficulties are $1,2,\dots,10$) then Gianni will ask for more problems to the judges.

Otherwise, for each difficulty between $1$ and $10$, he will put in the problem set one of the most beautiful problems with such difficulty (so the problem set will contain exactly $10$ problems with distinct difficulties). You shall compute the total beauty of the problem set, that is the sum of the beauty scores of the problems chosen by Gianni.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer $t$ ($1\le t\le 100$) — the number of test cases. The descriptions of the $t$ test cases follow. The first line of each test case contains the integer $n$ ($1\le n\le 100$) — how many problems Gianni received from the judges. The next $n$ lines contain two integers each. The $i$ -th of such lines contains $b_i$ and $d_i$ ($1\le b_i, d_i\le 10$) — the beauty score and the difficulty of the $i$ -th problem.

Output
For each test case, print the total beauty of the problem set chosen by Gianni. If Gianni cannot create a problem set (because there are no problems with a certain difficulty) print the string MOREPROBLEMS (all letters are uppercase, there are no spaces).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes