K. Master of Both

Professor Hui-Bot is the master of string theory and advanced data structures, so he came up with an interesting problem. Given a sequence of $n$ strings consisting of only lowercase English letters, how many inversions are there in this sequence when the strings are compared by lexicographical order?

As the most extraordinary student of Hui-Bot, Putata and Budada mastered superb string theory and advanced data structure skills respectively, and they solved this problem together with ease. However, there are $q$ different parallel universes, where the characters in the alphabet are not appearing in the original order.

Formally, the alphabet in each universe is a string, which is a permutation of the $26$ lowercase English letter, denoting the order each character appears.

A string $a$ is lexicographically smaller than a string $b$ if and only if one of the following holds:

The number of inversions in a sequence $a$ of length $n$ is the number of ordered pairs $(i,j)$ such that $1\leq i \lt j\leq n$, $a_j \lt a_i$.

Please help Putata and Budada in each universe to solve the problem.

Input
The first line of the input contains two integers $n,q$ ($1\leq n\leq 5\times 10^5$, $1\leq q\leq 5\times 10^4$), denoting the length of the sequence. For the following $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains a string $s_i$ ($1\leq |s_i|\leq 10^6$). It is guaranteed that the string consists of only lowercase English letters, and $\sum\limits_{i=1}^n |s_i|\leq 10^6$. For the following $q$ lines, each line contains a string $t$, denoting the alphabet in one universe. It is guaranteed that $t$ is a permutation of $26$ lowercase English letters.

Output
Output $q$ lines, denoting the answer in $q$ universes.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 s
memory limit per test 1024 MB