I. Integer Number Format

A new format IIII-4 of storing integer numbers is being developed. Encoding of each integer results in one, two, three, four or five 4-bit groups. First group is mandatory and then follow from zero to four optional additional groups.

Decoding is done as follows.

You are given two integers $x$ and $y$ and a sequence of integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$, such that $x \leq a_i \leq y$. Your goal is to decide on a look up table and offsets in a way that allows to encode and decode all integers from $x$ to $y$ inclusive and the length of the encoding of the input sequence is minimum possible.

Note that the order of bits that is used to decode the number from $0$ to $2^{4g}-1$ doesn't matter for the purpose of this problem.

There should be a unique way to encode each integer from $x$ to $y$ using this table. However, integers outside of this range can be encoded in any number of ways.

Input
The first line contains two integers $x$ and $y$ ($-10^9 \leq x \leq y \leq 10^9$, $y - x \leq 1\,000\,000$) — bounds of the range that we need to be able to encode with the method. The second line contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 100\,000$) — the length of the sequence to be encoded. The third line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($x \leq a_i \leq y$).

Output
Print the optimal table represented by $16$ lines corresponding to decoding information of $16$ prefixes. Each line should contain two integers: $g_i$ ($0 \leq g_i \leq 4$) stands for the number of additional groups and $f_i$ ($-2 \cdot 10^9 \leq f_i \leq 2 \cdot 10^9$) is the offset. The given sequence of numbers must be encoded to the minimum number of bits by the table. It is guaranteed that at least one valid encoding exists. If there are several optimal tables, you can print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes