C. Traffic Light

One year ago, Mr. Ang joined a great company and he rented a house on the same street as the company. The company is so great that Mr. Ang doesn't need to punch in and out. He can have a good sleep and gets up at any time.

Every day, he walks along the street, goes through N traffic lights numbered 1, 2, 3, ..., N and arrives the company. It takes Mr. Ang S 0 seconds from the house to first traffic light. S i seconds from traffic light i to traffic light i + 1 and S N seconds from N th traffic light to company. The time spent on the way to company depends on the state of traffic lights.

Mr. Ang got interested in the traffic lights and hacked into the system. After reading the code, he found that for traffic light i on his way, it stays A i seconds green and then stays B i seconds red and repeats. He also found that for all traffic lights, A i + B i are the same. He can modify the code to set different offsets OFF i for the traffic lights. Formally, Mr. Ang can set the offsets for the traffic lights to OFF i so that for each traffic light, Mr. Ang can go through it in time range [OFF i + k × (A i + B i), OFF i + k × (A i + B i) + A i) and must wait in time range [OFF i + k × (A i + B i) + A i, OFF i + (k + 1) × (A i + B i)) for all integers k.

Now Mr. Ang would like to make his commuting time from house to company as short as possible in the worst case. Find out the minimal time in second.

Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T test cases follow. Each test case starts with a line which consists of one number N, indicating the number of traffic lights. The next line consists of N + 1 numbers S 0, S 1, ..., S N indicating the walking time between house, traffic lights and company in seconds as described in the problem. Then followed by N lines each consists of 2 numbers A i, B i indicating the length of green light and red light of the i th traffic light. 1 ≤ T ≤ 50. 1 ≤ N ≤ 1000. 1 ≤ A i, B i ≤ 120. All A i + B i are the same. 1 ≤ S i ≤ 10 6.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing " Case #x: y ", where x is the test case number (starting from 1) and y is the minimal time in second from house to company in the worst case. y will be considered correct if it is within an absolute or relative error of 10 - 8 of the correct answer.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes