C. Monocarp, Polycarp and Brackets

A bracket sequence is called regular if it is possible to obtain correct arithmetic expression by inserting characters ' + ' and ' 1 ' into this sequence. For example, sequences (())(), () and (()(())) are regular, while)(, (() and (()))(are not. Let's call a regular bracket sequence an RBS.

Monocarp and Polycarp play a game. They have a string $s$ consisting of characters of two types: opening brackets and closing brackets. Monocarp also has a string $t$, which is initially empty.

The players take turns, Monocarp goes first. During Monocarp's turn, he has to choose either the first or the last character of the string $s$, remove it from $s$, and append it to the end of the string $t$. During Polycarp's turn, he has to choose either the first or the last character of the string $s$ and remove it.

If at any point in time, the string $t$ becomes a non-empty RBS, Monocarp wins. If the string $s$ becomes empty, and Monocarp has not won yet, Polycarp wins.

You have to determine which player wins if they play optimally.

Input
The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains one integer $n$ ($3 \le n \le 6000$) — the length of the string $s$. The second line of each test case contains $s$ — a string consisting of $n$ characters. Each character of $s$ is either an opening bracket (ASCII code 40), or a closing bracket (ASCII code 41). Additional constraint on the input: the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $6000$.

Output
For each test case, print Monocarp if Monocarp wins, or Polycarp if Polycarp wins.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 s
memory limit per test 512 megabytes