B. New Assignment

There is a class consisting of n students, in which each one has a number representing his/her personality. The teacher gives the students a new assignment and asks them to solve it in groups so that each group can contain two students at most.

Students cannot create groups as they please because the teacher gives the following rules that must be met in order for a group to be valid:

Since this is a really diverse class, no triple of students share a common interest, therefore all triples a i, a j, a k are co-primes (i.e. gcd (a i, a j, a k) ≡ 1).

Your task is to distribute the students into groups such that each student must join exactly one group, and the number of groups is as minimal as possible. Can you?

Input
The first line contains an integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 100), in which T is the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains an integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 4), in which n is the number of students in the class. Then a line follows containing n integers a 1, a 2, ..., a n (1 ≤ a i ≤ 10 6), in which a i if the personality of the i th student. Then a line follows containing n space-separated characters p 1, p 2, ..., p n (), in which p i is " M " if the i th student is male, and " F " if she is female. The sum of n overall test cases does not exceed 3 × 10 5.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the minimum number of groups that can be formed in the class.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes