K. Key Recovery

This is an interactive problem.

Kevin is dissatisfied with his MBTI, so he asked Doraemon for a magical machine: the MBTI converter.

The MBTI converter can convert the MBTI attributes of $8$ people at a time. It will generate a "random" new MBTI for all individuals based on their initial MBTIs and a $32$ -bit key $k$.

Kevin carefully studied this machine and found that the "random" MBTI it generates actually follows a certain pattern. The machine mainly includes three basic structures that shuffle the MBTI: " xor ", " perm ", and " mix ". Each of these structures takes the MBTIs of $8$ individuals as input and outputs $8$ MBTIs as a result. In each structure, the input $8$ MBTIs are denoted as $in_0, in_1, in_2, \cdots, in_7$ and the output $8$ MBTIs are denoted as $out_0, out_1, out_2, \cdots, out_7$. For convenience, Kevin replaces each MBTI with a hexadecimal number according to the following table.

" xor " Structure:

The xor structure flips certain attributes of the MBTI based on the key $k$.

Let $k_j$ be the $j$ -th binary bit of the key $k$ ($0 \leq j < 32$). The functionality of the xor structure can be expressed as: $$ out_i = in_i \oplus (\overline{k_{4i+3}k_{4i+2}k_{4i+1}k_{4i}})_2 $$ where $\oplus$ denotes the bitwise XOR $^{1}$.

" perm " Structure:

The perm structure replaces the MBTI, where each MBTI is replaced by another fixed MBTI.

The functionality of the perm structure can be expressed as: $$ out_i = p_{in_i} $$ where $p$ is a fixed array of length $16$ with the following values:

" mix " Structure:

The mix structure is used to mix the MBTIs of different people, with each output determined by two inputs.

The mix structure requires an intermediate array $t$ of length $8$, defined as: $$ t_i = \begin{cases} in_i \ll 1 & 0 \leq in_i < 8 \\ ((in_i \oplus 8) \ll 1) \oplus 3 & 8 \leq in_i < 16 \\ \end{cases} $$ where $\oplus$ denotes the bitwise XOR $^{1}$ and $\ll$ denotes logical left shift of four binary digits $^{2}$.

The functionality of the mix structure can be expressed as: $$ out_i = in_{i \ggg 1} \oplus (t_{(i \ggg 1) \oplus 1}) $$ where $\oplus$ denotes the bitwise XOR $^{1}$, and $\ggg$ denotes circular right shift of three binary digits $^{3}$.

The initial $8$ MBTIs will sequentially go through $19$ structures to produce the final output of $8$ MBTIs. These structures are: xor, perm, mix, xor, perm, mix, xor, perm, mix, xor, perm, mix, xor, perm, mix, xor, perm, mix, xor, which is six consecutive rounds of " xor, perm, mix " followed by an " xor ".

Users of this machine typically hope to obtain a specific MBTI. Unfortunately, when Doraemon built this machine, he encapsulated the key $k$ inside the machine and refused to tell Kevin the value of the key. Thus, Kevin turned to you, the clever one. Kevin hopes you can construct some inputs (not exceeding $4096$, or the machine may be damaged), test run to obtain the corresponding outputs, and then analyze the value of the key. This way, he can write a program to predict the output for each input, allowing everyone to get their desired MBTI.

Can you accomplish this task?

$^{1}$ Bitwise XOR refers to performing the modulo $2$ addition operation on each corresponding bit of two binary numbers. For example: $(0011)_2$ $\oplus$ $(0101)_2$ $=$ $(0110)_2$.

$^{2}$ $x \ll y$ means to logically left shift the binary number $x$ by $y$ bits, discarding the overflow and filling the vacated parts with 0. For example: $(1100)_2$ $\ll$ $1$ $=$ $(1000)_2$, $(1001)_2$ $\ll$ $1$ $=$ $(0010)_2$.

$^{3}$ $x \ggg y$ means to circularly right shift the binary number $x$ by $y$ bits. For example: $(101)_2$ $\ggg$ $1$ $=$ $(110)_2$, $(110)_2$ $\ggg$ $1$ $=$ $(011)_2$.

To run the MBTI converter, please output " ? $in_7in_6in_5in_4in_3in_2in_1in_0$ " ($in_i \in \{0-9,a-f\}$), where $in_i$ is the hexadecimal value corresponding to the $i$ -th input MBTI. You may perform this operation at most $4096$ times. After flushing your output, please read the output of the MBTI converter in the format " $out_7out_6out_5out_4out_3out_2out_1out_0$ " ($out_i \in \{0-9,a-f\}$).

To answer for the value of $k$, please output " ! $k$ " ($0 \leq k < 2^{32}$), where $k$ is the decimal representation of the value you believe the key $k$ to be. You may perform this operation at most once. After performing the operation, you should exit your program immediately.

If you run the MBTI converter more than $4096$ times, or if your output contains invalid characters, the interactor will output " -1 ". Upon receiving such a response, you should immediately exit your program, and you will receive a " Wrong Answer " result. Otherwise, the result is uncertain, as you will attempt to read data from a closed output stream.

To flush your output, you can use:

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes