K. KIT Finding

CC BY-SA 4.0 by Uoaei1 on Wikimedia Commons

" Find the Fox " is a recent book that contains $200$ pages of word search puzzles comprising only the letters ' F ', ' O ' and ' X '. The special feature of the book is that there is only a single occurrence of the word " FOX " throughout all of its pages.

Recall that in a word search the goal is to find hidden words (only one hidden word in this case) in a grid of letters. The words can occur horizontally or vertically or diagonally, as well as forwards or backwards, allowing for a total of $8$ different reading directions.

For this year's NWERC, we want to create a baby version of " Find the Fox ". Your goal in this problem, therefore, is to create a word search grid with given dimensions and containing each of the letters ' K ', ' I ' and ' T ' a given number of times. Similar to the original book, this grid should contain exactly one occurrence of the word " KIT ".

Illustration of Sample Output 1. Scroll down for the solution

Input
The input consists of: One line with five integers $h$, $w$, $k$, $i$, and $t$ ($3 \le h,w \le 100$, $k,i,t \ge 1$, $k+i+t = h\cdot w$), where $h$ and $w$ are the height and width the word search grid should have, and $k$, $i$, and $t$ specify the required number of occurrences of ' K ', ' I ' and ' T ', respectively.

Output
Output a word search grid according to the given rules. It can be shown that such a word search grid always exists. If there are multiple valid solutions, you may output any one of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes