A. Problem Statement

Slava has almost finished writing the statement for the last problem for the ICPC Kyrgyzstan Qualification Round — just a little more and the problem will be ready!

Moreover, Slava managed to write the statement without spaces, tabs, or line breaks (he himself doesn't understand how he managed to do that).

Overjoyed, Slava went to brew himself some delicious tea.

It was at that moment that Anatoly sneaked up to Slava's laptop and started pressing the Enter key in random places.

When Slava returned, everything was already lost — instead of a coherent statement, he saw only separate pieces, divided by line breaks.

Help Slava assess the damage — calculate how many times Anatoly managed to press the Enter key.

For example, Slava wrote the statement $abracadabra$

But then Anatoly came and pressed the Enter key $4$ times:

Input
The first line of the input contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 100$) — the number of parts into which the original problem statement has fallen apart. Each of the following $n$ lines contains a string $s_i$ ($1 \le |s_i| \le 10$) — the $i$ -th part of the original statement. Each part consists only of lowercase Latin letters. It is guaranteed that the parts are given in the same order they appeared in the original statement.

Output
Output a single integer — the minimum number of times the Enter key must have been pressed by Anatoly to transform the original statement into the presented $n$ parts.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes