E. The Perfect View

Alice is an ambitious entrepreneur who wants to open the most popular cafe in her city. She has scouted $N$ potential locations for her cafe. The city's main square, where all these locations are, is famous for its $M$ beautiful landmarks. The potential cafe locations are represented as points $C_1, C_2, \ldots, C_N$ in a 2D plane, and the landmarks are represented as points $L_1, L_2, \ldots, L_M$ in the same plane. All points are represented by their Cartesian coordinates.

Alice has a unique theory about what makes a cafe's view "perfect". For any given cafe location, the triangular area formed by the cafe itself and any two distinct landmarks creates a special scenic zone. For any point $P$, its scenic value with respect to a cafe location $C_i$ is defined as the number of scenic zones that originate from $C_i$ and contain $P$ strictly inside them.

The higher the scenic value, the higher the customer satisfaction! Therefore, Alice wants to choose a cafe location and place a table at a position that has the maximum scenic value with respect to that cafe location. However, to achieve this, Alice needs your help. Your task is to find the maximum scenic value that can be achieved among all cafe locations $C_i$ $(1 \le i \le N)$ and all possible points $P$ in the plane.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T \: (1 \le T \le 5000)$ — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers $N$ and $M$ $(1 \le N \le 400,\; 2 \le M \le 400)$ — the number of cafe locations and the number of landmarks. The next $N$ lines each contain two space-separated integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ — coordinates of cafe location $C_i$. The next $M$ lines each contain two space-separated integers $x_j$ and $y_j$ — coordinates of landmark $L_j$. For each test case, it is guaranteed that: All coordinates are between $-10^9$ and $10^9$, inclusive. The cafe locations and landmarks are all distinct points. For any cafe location $C_i$ and any two landmarks $L_j$, $L_k$, the three points are not collinear. It is guaranteed that neither the sum of $N$ over all test cases nor the sum of $M$ over all test cases exceed $20000$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer in a line — the maximum possible scenic value.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes