L. A (Fast) Walk in the Woods

Brice Bilson loves to take jogs in a nearby forest known as Orthogonal Woods. The forest gets that name as the paths – all two-way – are laid out along an orthogonal grid, with all turns being 90 degrees. Brice is a bit persnickety when it comes to his jogs, and always follows a set of rules when he reaches an intersection of two or more paths. These rules are

Suppose Brice enters the park at intersection D heading north in the figure on the left, where the numbers next to each path indicate his interest levels. His travels takes him on the route DFGCBADFGCBA at which point we reach the figure on the right, showing the updated interest levels of each path and the "removal" of the path from A to B since it's now been traversed $2$ times. From intersection A Brice now traverses the route ADFGCBEDA at which point he hits a dead end and ends his jog.

Input
Input starts with two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2 \leq n \leq 2\,500$) giving the number of intersections and the number of paths between intersections. The next line contains $n$ pairs of integers giving the locations of the intersections. Intersections are numbered from $1$ to $n$ in the order they are presented and all location values $x,y$ satisfy $0 \leq x,y \leq 10^6$. After this are $m$ lines each containing three integers $i$ $j$ $k$ ($1 \leq i,j \leq n, 1 \leq k \leq 10^6$) indicating that a path exists between intersections $i$ and $j$ with interest level $k$. All paths will be either vertical or horizontal and will not touch any other vertices other than the specified intersection points. The final line of input contains an integer $s$ ($1 \leq s \leq n$) and a character $d \in \{\text{N,S,E,W}\}$ indicating that Brice starts his jog by taking the path in direction $d$ from intersection $s$. There will always be a path heading in direction $d$ from vertex $s$.

Output
Output the location where Brice ends his jog.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes