C. Tomorrow Will Be Better Than Yesterday

Pavel knows for sure — tomorrow is always better than yesterday.

He decided to prove this using geometry.

To do this, Pavel considered n consecutive days and assigned a point on the plane (x i, y i) to each day.

He considers day i + 1 to be better than day i if one of the two conditions is met:

Pavel is only unsure about one thing — whether he has chosen the correct coordinate system for his calculations. He is confident that only rotations and/or reflections can be used to find the correct coordinate system.

Help Pavel — find any rectangular (orthogonal) coordinate system in which each subsequent day will be better than the previous one.

Input
The first line contains an integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5) — the number of days analyzed by Pavel. Each of the following n lines contains two integers x i and y i ( - 10 5 ≤ x i, y i ≤ 10 5) — the point assigned by Pavel to the i -th day.

Output
In the first line, print YES if such a rectangular coordinate system exists, and NO otherwise. If the desired coordinate system exists, print two more lines. In the second line, print two integers X x and Y x (| X x |, | Y x | ≤ 10 9;| X x | + | Y x | > 0) — the coordinates of the vector aligned with the axis Ox of the new coordinate system. In the third line, print two integers X y and Y y (| X y |, | Y y | ≤ 10 9;| X y | + | Y y | > 0) — the coordinates of the vector aligned with the axis Oy of the new coordinate system. The vectors (X x, Y x) and (X y, Y y) must be perpendicular to each other. If there are multiple valid answers, print any.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes