J. Monocarp and T-Shirts

Monocarp is going to participate in $n$ different programming contests, and he plans to win a T-shirt in every contest. Of course, he doesn't need $n$ T-shirts — he wants to give all of them to his friends. Monocarp has a list of $n$ integers $a_1$, $a_2$,..., $a_n$ — the sizes of T-shirts that his friends want to receive. All values of $a_i$ are distinct.

To receive all $n$ T-shirts for all $n$ friends, Monocarp chooses different sizes of T-shirts while registering on different competitions — when registering on contest $i$, he specifies that he would like to receive a T-shirt of size $a_i$.

Monocarp is absolutely sure that his programming skills are enough to win a T-shirt in each contest. Unfortunately, it is possible that he will receive a T-shirt of wrong size: if he specifies that he wants a T-shirt of size $x$, then with probability $p$ he receives a T-shirt having size $x - 1$, with probability $q$ he receives a T-shirt having size $x + 1$, and with probability $1 - p - q$ he receives a T-shirt having size $x$.

After receiving all the T-shirts Monocarp starts handing them out: for each $a_i$, if he has received at least one T-shirt of size $a_i$, he gives exactly one T-shirt of this size to the friend that asked for a T-shirt of this size. Now Monocarp is interested how many friends (on average) will receive T-shirts. Help him to calculate the expected number of T-shirts he will hand out.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $P$ and $Q$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \le P \le 10^6$, $0 \le Q \le 10^6$, $P + Q \le 10^6$) — the number of contests and the numbers denoting the probability to receive a T-shirt of wrong size. $p$ and $q$ from the statement can be calculated the following way: $p = \frac{P}{10^6}$, $q = \frac{Q}{10^6}$. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1$, $a_2$,..., $a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the sizes of T-shirts Monocarp's friends want. All values of $a_i$ are distinct.

Output
The expected number of T-shirts that Monocarp will hand out can be represented as an irreducible fraction $\frac{X}{Y}$, where $Y$ is not divisible by $998244353$. Print $(X \cdot Y^{-1})$ $mod$ $998244353$, where $Y^{-1}$ is the inverse of $Y$ modulo $998244353$ (a number such that $Y \cdot Y^{-1}$ is congruent to $1$ modulo $998244353$).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes