A. A Lot of Paintings

Panda is a gallery curator. To prepare for an art exhibition, he launched a painting collection activity, and has collected a lot of paintings.

There are $n$ people participating in the activity, numbered from $1$ to $n$. For each person $i$, the number of paintings submitted is $b_i$. The total number of paintings is $m = \sum_{i=1}^n b_i>0$. The submission percentage $a_i$ of person $i$ is calculated as $a_i=\operatorname{round}\left(\frac{b_i}{m},2\right)\times 100\%$.

The function $\operatorname{round}(x,2)$ rounds the real number $x$ to two decimal places. If the third decimal digit of $x$ is $5$ or greater, it rounds up; otherwise, it rounds down. For example, $\operatorname{round}(1.14514,2)=1.15$, while $\operatorname{round}(1.14414,2)=1.14$.

One day, Panda woke up to find that all the paintings had been stolen, and he also forgot the total number of paintings, $m$. He needs your help to restore the possible number of paintings submitted by each participant $b_1, b_2, \dots, b_n$ using only the recorded submission percentages $a_1, a_2, \dots a_n$. If no valid submission scheme exists, you must inform him.

In simple terms, given an array of percentages $a = [a_1, a_2, \dots a_n]$, find a non-negative integer array $b = [b_1, b_2, \dots, b_n]$ such that $\sum_{i=1}^n b_i>0$, and for all $i$ :

$$a_i=\operatorname{round}\left(\frac{b_i}{\sum_{j=1}^n b_j},2\right)\times 100\%$$

or determine that no such array exists.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T$ ($1\le T\le 2\times 10^5$), indicating the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains an integer $n$ ($1\le n\le 2\times 10^5$), representing the number of people participating in the painting activity. The second line contains $n$ non-negative integers $d_1, d_2, \dots, d_n$ ($0\le d_i\le 100$), where $a_i = \frac{d_i}{100}\times 100\%$. It is guaranteed that the total sum of $n$ across all test cases does not exceed $2\times 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, if there exists a satisfying array $b$, you should first output a line with $\texttt{Yes}$, followed by a line with $n$ non-negative integers $b_1, b_2, \dots, b_n$ ($0 \le b_i \le 10^9$, $\sum_{i=1}^n b_i > 0$) separated by spaces. Any valid solution is accepted. If there is no valid solution, simply output a line with $\texttt{No}$. Either Yes or No is case-insensitive, which means you can print $\texttt{YeS}$, $\texttt{yEs}$, $\texttt{nO}$, etc.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes