K. Rikka with Ants

Every time when Rikka faces to a great nature sight, she will recall a line of ants moving in a hurry. Rikka loves ants and keeps two large colonies of ants in her drawer. Observing ants hurrying in moving has controlled her life.

That is why she prepares $n$ different nests in her drawer, and $n$ undirected channels between these nests form a circular orbit. All nests are numbered by $1$ to $n$ in order, and the lengths of channels are known. The first colony of ants is living in the $s_1$ -th nest, and the second colony is living in the $s_2$ -th nest.

Now, ants decide to move to new nests together. The new home for these two colonies of ants will be the $e_1$ -th nest and the $e_2$ -th nest respectively.

For each colony, all ants should queue up one by one to crawl from the origin to the destination along a path. They cannot be split into several groups crawling moving along different paths. Then, they can measure the complexity of their plan moving to new nest using the total length of channels in the path selected.

If these two colonies of ants select paths sharing some common channels, they will walk through these channels slowly for security. Specifically, for each common channel, we can consider equivalently that its measured length will be tripled.

Ants are highly intelligent and they all want to minimize the complexities of their plan. They will choose the best strategies for themselves respectively without negotiation. All they know are the lengths of channels, and the nests where their colony and the other one will start and end respectively.

Rikka wants you to calculate the expected complexities of plans for each colony of ants. For more details about the best strategy, please refer to note.

Input
The input contains several test cases, and the first line contains a single integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 5000$), the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 50$), the number of nests and also the number of channels between them. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 50$), where the $i$ -th one, $a_i$, represents the length of the undirected channel between the $i$ -th nest and the $((i \bmod n) + 1)$ -th nest. It is guaranteed that the total length of the $n$ channels is odd. The third line contains four integers $s_1, e_1, s_2$ and $e_2$ ($1 \le s_1, s_2, e_1, e_2 \le n$, $s_1 \ne e_1$, $s_2 \ne e_2$), representing the original nests where these ants live and their new nests.

Output
For each test case, output a line with two space-separated numbers, representing the expected complexity for the first colony of ant and the expected complexity for the second colony respectively. Your answer is considered correct if the absolute or relative error between each number in your output and the corresponding one in Rikka's answer does not exceed $10^{-9}$. Formally, let a number of your answer be $a$, and the corresponding number of Rikka's answer be $b$. Your answer is considered correct if $\frac{|a - b|}{\max(1, |b|)} \le 10^{-9}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes