C. Colorful Polygon

The Legendary Huron owns a long, narrow box filled with magnetic sticks. Each stick has a color. Colors are represented by integers from $1$ to $10^6$.

The box can only store sticks in a single line, from left to right. Initially, the box contains $n$ sticks. You are given an array $A$ of length $n$, where $A_i$ is the color of the $i$ -th stick from left to right.

Over time, the Legendary Huron will perform $Q_1 + Q_2$ operations on his box. There are four possible operations:

After each operation, the Legendary Huron will take the sticks from his box to play with them and attempt to build a colorful polygon using the sticks he currently possesses. A polygon is colorful if it satisfies the following conditions:

For example, if the box has the following sticks $[4,3,1,1,2,3,3,4,4]$, where different integers represent different colors, a valid colorful polygon could be a triangle. One side may consist of two sticks of color $1$, another side of three sticks of color $3$, and the last side of two sticks of color $4$. The total perimeter in this case is $7$. Note that it is not necessary to use all colors or all sticks of a color.

Each time he plays with the sticks, the Legendary Huron asks for the maximum perimeter of a colorful polygon that can be constructed. If no colorful polygon can be formed, the result is $0$. After playing with the sticks, they are stored in the same order as before in the box.

The first $Q_1$ operations are given explicitly in the input. The last $Q_2$ operations, however, are not given directly. Instead, they are generated using a random generator described in the Input section. Read the Output section to see how to print the answer for the last $Q_2$ operations.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $Q_1$ and $Q_2$ ($1 \leq n, Q_1 \leq 3 \cdot 10^5$ and $1 \leq Q_2 \leq 5 \cdot 10^7$). The second line contains $n$ integers $A_1, A_2, \dots, A_n$ ($1 \leq A_i \leq 10^6$) ŌĆö the initial colors of the sticks in the box. The next $Q_1$ lines describe the first sequence of operations: If the operation type is $1$ or $2$, the line contains three integers $t$, $k$, and $c$ ($t \in \{1,2\}$, $1 \leq k \leq 10^9$, and $1 \leq c \leq 10^6$). If the operation type is $3$ or $4$, the line contains two integers $t$ and $k$ ($t \in \{3,4\}$ and $0 \leq k \leq \min(10^9,sz)$, where $sz$ is the current amount of sticks in the box at the moment of the operation). After these lines, the input specifies the random generator for the second sequence of operations. The first line of the random generator specification contains two integers $a$ and $d$ ($0 \leq a,d < 10^9+7$) ŌĆö the parameters of the generator described below. The next line contains $X_0$ ($0 \leq X_0 < 10^9+7$) ŌĆö the initial seed. The next line contains an integer $p$ ($1 \leq p \leq 10^6$) ŌĆö the size of an array used to generate the last $Q_2$ operations as described below. The last line in the input contains $p$ integers $B_1, B_2,\dots B_p$ ($1 \leq B_i \leq 10^6$) ŌĆö an array used to generate the last $Q_2$ operations as described below. The random values used to generate the last $Q_2$ operations are produced by the following linear congruential generator (LCG): $$ X_{i+1} = (a \cdot X_i + d)\% (10^9+7) $$ The generator is initialized with $X_0$. Each call to $next()$ returns the next value $X_i$, starting with $X_0$. Each of the last $Q_2$ operations is then generated as follows: The type is $(next() \% 4) + 1$. If the type is $1$ or $2$ : $k = next()+1$. $c = B[next() \% p) + 1]$. If the type is $3$ or $4$ : $k = next() \% (sz+1)$, where $sz$ is the current amount of sticks in the box at the moment of the operation. You can see an example of the generation of the last $Q_2$ operations in the notes.

Output
Print two lines. In the first line, print $Q_1$ space-separated integers ŌĆö the answer for the first $Q_1$ operations. In the second line, print a single integer: $$ \bigoplus_{i=1}^{Q_2} \big(i \cdot res_i \% 998244353 \big) $$ where $res_i$ is the result of the $i$ -th of the last $Q_2$ operations, and $\oplus$ denotes the bitwise XOR. Note that only $i \cdot res_i$ is taken modulo $998244353$, not the XOR sum. Note that this modulo is different from the modulo in the generator.

Constraints
time limit per test 7 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes