C. Find the Array

This is an interactive problem.

There is an array $a$ of length $n$, consisting of distinct integers. It is guaranteed that every element of the array is a positive integer less than or equal to $10^9$. You have to find out the values of all the elements of it.

To do so, you can make up to $30$ queries of the following two types:

Once you know the answer, print it using the following query:

At the beginning, your program should read one integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 250$) — the number of elements.

In order to make a query of the first type, print " 1 $i$ " ($1 \le i \le n$). After this query, read one integer — the value of $a_i$.

In order to make a query of the second type, print " 2 $k$ " ($2 \le k \le n$). Then in the same line print $k$ space-separated distinct integers — $i_1, i_2, \dots, i_k$, ($1 \le i_j \le n$). After this query read $\frac{k \cdot (k-1)}{2}$ integers — $\mid a_{i_c} - a_{i_d} \mid$ for every $c \lt d$. These values will be given in random order.

Once you know the answer, print " 3 ". Then in the same line, print $n$ space-separated integers — $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$). Your program must terminate after this query.

If for either of two first queries you get one number $-1$ as the answer, then it means that you made more queries than allowed, or made an invalid query. Your program should immediately terminate (for example, by calling exit(0)). You will receive " Wrong Answer ". If you ignore this, you can get other verdicts since your program will continue to read from a closed stream.

After printing a query do not forget to output end of line and flush the output. Otherwise, you will get Wall time-limit exceeded. To do this, use:

Precisely follow this format of interaction.

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes