J. Multidimensional Points

The distance between points $a = (a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n)$ and $b = (b_1, b_2, \dots, b_n)$ in an $n$ -dimensional space is determined according to the Euclidean metric: $$dist(a, b) = \sqrt{(a_1-b_1)^2 + (a_2-b_2)^2+ \dots + (a_n-b_n)^2}.$$ Some optimization tasks require calculation of partial distance between points – only for coordinates with indices within a certain range $[i, j]$ : $$dist(a, b, i, j) = \sqrt{(a_i-b_i)^2 + (a_{i+1}-b_{i+1})^2 + \dots + (a_j-b_j)^2}.$$ Such calculations can be performed multiple times. Write a program that will efficiently calculate partial distance based on given points.

Input
The first line contains a single positive integer $n$ $(1 \leq n \leq 10^5)$ – the number of dimensions in the space. The second and third line contain $n$ positive integers separated by spaces – coordinates of points $a$ and $b$ $(-1000 \leq a_i, b_i \leq 1000)$, respectively. The fourth line contains the number $m$ $(1 \leq m \leq 10^6)$ – the number of partial distance calculations. Each of the following $m$ lines contains two positive integers $i$ and $j$ $(1 \leq i \leq j \leq n)$ separated by a space, setting the limits of the interval for the calculations.

Output
The output file consists of $m$ lines. Each of the lines contains a real number accurate to the third decimal place – calculated partial distance. The distances must be printed in the same order as the order of intervals in the input file.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes