D. Elephant grassland

To restore the elephant population in an African country, it was proposed that a specialized farm be created. A $n\times m$ kilometers section of savannah was allocated for the farm. The number of an elephant herd is such that in a day it eats vegetation on 1 square kilometer area, after which it should be moved to another place.

To optimize the process, the entire farm was divided into square plots with a side of 1 km, fenced. It was decided that the relocation of the herd would be carried out only once a day and only to the neighboring plot, which has a common side with the current one.

It was found that to maintain the most natural feeding process, elephants should eat the same grass for $ k $ days in a row. Each plot of the future grassland will be sown with one type of grass, and a total of $ p $ of grass varieties will be used.

To restore vegetation between herd visits as much as possible, it was proposed to create a cyclic route in such a way that it:

Write a program that, using the given numbers $ n $, $ m $, $ k $ and $ p $, creates a route of the elephant herd, or report that there is no such solution.

Input
Input contains of four integers: $n ~ (1 \leq n\leq 100)$, $m ~ (1 \leq m\leq 100)$, $k$ and $ p $ $(k, p \gt 0,~ 2 \lt k\times p \leq n \times m)$ separated by spaces.

Output
The first line of the output should contain the word "YES" (without quotes) if a solution exists, and the word "NO" otherwise. If a solution exists, then output a block of $n$ lines. The block describes the route of the herd. Each line consists of $m$ different characters: "."(dot) if this section is not visited; "-"(minus) if the herd route crosses the left and right boundaries of the site; "|"(vertical line) if the herd route crosses the upper and lower boundaries of the site; "L"(capital Latin L) if the herd route crosses the upper and right boundaries of the site; "r"(lowercase Latin r) if the herd route crosses the lower and right boundaries of the site; "J"(Latin capital J) if the herd route crosses the left and upper boundaries of the site; "7"(number 7) if the herd route crosses the left and lower boundaries of the site. If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes