I. Good Partitions

Lawliet has a sequence of numbers of length $n$, denoted as $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$, and he wants to determine how many good partitions exist.

A partition size $k$ is considered a good partition size if it satisfies $1 \leq k \leq n$ and, after dividing the sequence $a$ into parts by partition size, each resulting sub-sequence is non-decreasing. The partitioning method is as follows:

Lawliet finds this problem too simple, so he will make $q$ modifications. Each modification provides two positive integers $p$ and $v$, indicating that the value of $a_p$ will be changed to $v$.

Your task is to help Lawliet calculate the number of good partition sizes before any modifications and after each modification.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T$ ($1\le T \le 10$), representing the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains two integers $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) and $q$ ($1 \le q \le 2 \cdot 10^5$), representing the length of the sequence and the number of modifications. The second line contains $n$ integers, representing the sequence $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1\le a_i\le 2\cdot 10^9$). The following $q$ lines each contain two integers $p$ ($1 \le p \le n$) and $v$ ($1 \le v \le 2 \cdot 10^9$), indicating that the element at the $p$-th position in the sequence will be modified to $v$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ and the sum of $q$ over all test cases do not exceed $2\cdot 10^5$, respectively.

Output
For each test case, output $q + 1$ lines, representing the number of good partition sizes before any modifications and after each modification.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes