I. Radio Stations

In addition to complaints about lighting, a lot of complaints about insufficient radio signal covering has been received by Bertown city hall recently. $n$ complaints were sent to the mayor, all of which are suspiciosly similar to each other: in the $i$ -th complaint, one of the radio fans has mentioned that the signals of two radio stations $x_i$ and $y_i$ are not covering some parts of the city, and demanded that the signal of at least one of these stations can be received in the whole city.

Of cousre, the mayor of Bertown is currently working to satisfy these complaints. A new radio tower has been installed in Bertown, it can transmit a signal with any integer power from $1$ to $M$ (let's denote the signal power as $f$). The mayor has decided that he will choose a set of radio stations and establish a contract with every chosen station. To establish a contract with the $i$ -th station, the following conditions should be met:

All this information was already enough for the mayor to realise that choosing the stations is hard. But after consulting with specialists, he learned that some stations the signals of some stations may interfere with each other: there are $m$ pairs of stations ($u_i$, $v_i$) that use the same signal frequencies, and for each such pair it is impossible to establish contracts with both stations. If stations $x$ and $y$ use the same frequencies, and $y$ and $z$ use the same frequencies, it does not imply that $x$ and $z$ use the same frequencies.

The mayor finds it really hard to analyze this situation, so he hired you to help him. You have to choose signal power $f$ and a set of stations to establish contracts with such that:

Input
The first line contains $4$ integers $n$, $p$, $M$ and $m$ ($2 \le n, p, M, m \le 4 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of complaints, the number of radio stations, maximum signal power and the number of interfering pairs, respectively. Then $n$ lines follow, which describe the complains. Each line contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($1 \le x_i < y_i \le p$) — the indices of the radio stations mentioned in the $i$ -th complaint). All complaints are distinct. Then $p$ lines follow, which describe the radio stations. Each line contains two integers $l_i$ and $r_i$ ($1 \le l_i \le r_i \le M$) — the constrains on signal power that should be satisfied if the city establishes a contract with the $i$ -th station. Then $m$ lines follow, which describe the pairs of interfering radio stations. Each line contains two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ ($1 \le u_i < v_i \le p$) — the indices of interfering radio stations. All these pairs are distinct.

Output
If it is impossible to choose signal power and a set of stations to meet all conditions, print $-1$. Otherwise print two integers $k$ and $f$ in the first line — the number of stations in the chosen set and the chosen signal power, respectively. In the second line print $k$ distinct integers from $1$ to $p$ — the indices of stations to establish contracts with (in any order). If there are multiple answers, print any of them; you don't have to minimize/maximize the number of chosen stations, and the same applies to signal power.

Constraints
time limit per test 7 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes