F. Questions pack

Alexander hosted tournaments in the sports version of the game "What? Where? When?" for a long time.

In sports version of "What? Where? When?" several teams of 6 people play simultaneously. The host asks a question, after which, within 60 seconds, the teams must come up with an answer to it and write it down on the answer form. After a minute to think, players have 10 seconds to hand over the forms to the moderator.

Sasha is collecting questions for a new game. The game consists of $R$ rounds, with $Q$ questions in each round. There is a database of $N$ questions; for each question, it is known how many teams tried to answer the question and how many teams answered it incorrectly. Based on this data, a question rating is calculated for each question: the proportion of incorrect answers to the question is counted, multiplied by 10000 and rounded down to an integer. The easiest question has the lowest rating. Sasha wants to form a pack of questions for the game according to the following rules:

Help Sasha: form a pack of questions for the game, that satisfies the rules above.

Input
The first line of the input contains non-negative integers $N, R, Q, L, C, D, S$ in accordance with the statement ($1 \le N, R, Q \le 10^6$, $1 \le R \cdot Q \le 10^6$, $2 \le L, C \le 9999$, $L < C$, $1 \le D, S \le 10000$). The following $N$ lines contain two non-negative integers $A_i, B_i$ — how many teams were asked the question and how many teams answered the question incorrectly ($0 \le B_i \le A_i \le 10^9$).

Output
If it is possible to form a package without breaking the rules, then output $R \cdot Q$ integers — the numbers of questions from the database in the order in which they should be asked in the game. If there are multiple solutions print any of them. If it is impossible to form a package, output 0.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes