H. Colourful Permutation Sorting

You are given a permutation $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of integers from $1$ to $n$. Each position from $1$ to $n$ is colored in one of $k$ colors. We want to sort the permutation, and for that, we can apply any number of operations of the following types:

Note that the positions are colored, not the elements, so when you swap two elements, the positions won't change their colors.

Find the minimum number of coins you need to spend to sort the permutation.

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 10^{3}$) — the number of independent test cases you need to process. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le n \le 10^{5}$, $1 \le k \le 5$) — the size of the permutation and the number of colors. The second line of each test case contains $(k+1)$ integers $S, C_1, C_2, \ldots, C_k$ ($0 \le S, C_i \le 10^9$) — the costs of the operations. The third line of each test case contains $n$ integers $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ ($1 \le p_i \le n$, all $p_i$ are distinct) — the permutation. The fourth line of each test case contains $n$ integers $col_i$ ($1 \le col_i \le k$) — the colors of the positions. The sum of $n$ over all test cases in one file does not exceed $10^{5}$.

Output
For each test case print a single integer — the minimum number of coins you need to spend to sort the permutation.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes