G. Akinator

One day hacker Dmitry found an interesting game called Akinator. The rules of the game are very simple: player thinks of some famous person and Akinator tries to guess this person in a limited number of questions. Every turn Akinator asks player: «Is this person i 1 or i 2 or... or i m ?» (here m is the number of people in the question, it can differ from question to question). The player answers «Yes» or «No», and Akinator will use obtained information. As soon as Akinator knows the thought person, he says the answer and wins. If Akinator can't guess the person in the given number of questions, he loses.

Akinator has k questions to guess the thought person. It is known in advance that Dmitry has thought of one of these n people: 1, 2,..., n with the probabilities p 1, p 2,..., p n. Determine if Akinator can guarantee his guess in k questions, and if he can, what is the minimal average number of questions he needs for that.

Input
First line contains two integers n and k (1 ≤ k ≤ n ≤ 100) — number of possibly thought persons and number of questions. Second line contains n integers a 1, a 2,... a n (1 ≤ a i ≤ 10 12). Probabilities p i are proportional to a i, that is, they can be calculated as.

Output
If Akinator can't surely guess the thought person, output « No solution ». Otherwise output the irreducible fraction — the minimal average number of questions Akinator needs to win the game.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes