K. Tourists' Tour

The mayor is preparing for the arrival of the ICPC participants. On their tour, they will pass by n towers, each with a distinct height.

The architects designed these towers in a special way. The towers are aligned in a single line and numbered from 1 to n from left to right. Each of them is connected by a bridge to the closest tower to its left with a greater height, if one exists, and also by another bridge to the closest tower to its right with a greater height, if it exists.

The mayor doesn't want to make their tour boring. Therefore in preparation, he wants to color the n towers such that there is no bridge that connects two towers of the same color.

Help the mayor find a valid way to color the n towers with the minimum number of colors.

Input
The first line of input contains a single integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 128), the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 6), the number of towers. The second line contains n space-separated distinct integers (1 ≤ h i ≤ 10 9), the i th integer represents the height of the i th tower. The sum of n over all test cases doesn't exceed 5 × 10 6.

Output
For each test case, output two lines. The first line should contain the minimum number of colors k needed to color the towers. The second line should contain n space-separated integers that represent a valid way to color the towers. The i th integer is the color of the i th tower, and it must be between 1 and k (inclusive). If there are multiple valid ways, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 7 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes