E. Earnings Report

You're working on a financial reporting platform. Your task is to calculate earnings obtained during certain time ranges, based on the salary information of different jobs. You'll be given N jobs and Q queries. Each query has a range of dates [L, R] and you must calculate the total earnings obtained in that range among all job salaries.

Each job has the following data:

If there's no end date, it means the job is still ongoing.

If there's an end date, and it falls within a query range, payments made on, or before that end date are included in the total.

If a payment is made a day after the end date, it's not included in the total.

Input
In the first line of input, there will be two integers N, Q $(1 \leq N \leq 10^3; ~1 \leq Q \leq 10^5)$, representing the number of jobs in the database, and the number of queries, respectively. The next N lines will contain the data of one job in the format: "Amount StartDate EndDate Type" without the double quotes, where Amount is an integer $(1 \leq Amount \leq 10^9)$, StartDate and EndDate are in the format: DD/MM/YYYY $(01 \leq DD \leq 31; ~01 \leq MM \leq 12; ~2000 \leq YYYY \leq 9999)$, Type will be a string representing one of the salary types described before. The EndDate could be "None", indicating that the job is still ongoing. Afterward, there are Q lines, each with a query in the format: DD/MM/YYYY DD/MM/YYYY.

Output
For each query, print in a single line the total earnings obtained in that range among all job salaries.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes