G. Check Pattern is Bad

Prof. Pang is given an $n\times m$ board. Some cells are colored black, some cells are colored white, and others are uncolored.

Prof. Pang doesn't like check patterns, so he wants to color all uncolored cells such that there is no check pattern on the board.

$4$ cells forming a $2\times 2$ square are said to have the check pattern if they are colored in one of the following ways:

Input
The first line contains a single integer $T$ $(1\leq T \leq 10^4)$ denoting the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1\le n, m\le 100$) denoting the dimensions of the board. Each of the next $n$ lines contains $m$ characters. The $j$ -th character of the $i$ -th line represents the status of the cell on the $i$ -th row and $j$ -th column of the board. The character is ' W ' if the cell is colored black, ' B ' if the cell is colored white, and ' ? ' if the cell is uncolored. It is guaranteed that the sum of $nm$ over all test cases is no more than $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, output a line containing " NO " if you cannot color all the uncolored cells such that there is no check pattern on the board. Otherwise, output a line containing " YES ". In the next $n$ lines, output the colored board in the same format as the input. The output board should satisfy the following conditions. It does not have any check pattern. It consists of only ' B ' and ' W '. If a cell is already colored in the input, its color cannot be changed in the output. If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes