J. Mona Lisa

The painting is enclosed in a rock-solid glass chamber that can only be opened with 4 secret codes that need to be entered on 4 different keypads. The head of the museum thinks that this system is unbreakable, and your task is to prove her wrong.

To help you, a friend reverse-engineered the system. When a code (represented by a positive integer $C$) is entered on a keypad, the keypad sends the $C$ -th value produced by a random number generator to a central computer. The central computer only considers the N least significant bits of the 4 pseudo-random values it receives from the 4 keypads. It computes their bitwise XOR (exclusive or) and opens the glass chamber if the result is 0. The pseudo-random number generator is described at the end of the problem statement.

Another friend found the pseudo-random seeds used by each keypad. With all this information, you think that you can retrieve the 4 secret codes unlocking Mona Lisa.

Input
The input comprises two lines, each consisting of integers separated with single spaces: The first line contains the integer $N$. The second line contains the four integer seeds. Limits $1 \le N \le 50$; each seed is between $0$ and $2^{64} - 1$.

Output
The output should consist of a single line, whose content is 4 integers, the 4 secret codes, separated with single spaces. Each code must be less than $100000000$. It is guaranteed that at least one solution will exist. Multiple solutions may exist, in which case they will all be accepted.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 s
memory limit per test 256 MB