J. Fox, Chicken, and Corn

After learning $10^{100}$ data structures, Nea1 has decided to return to China and become a farmer!

Nea1 has $n$ chickens, labeled from $1$ to $n$. The relationships among the chickens can be described by a forest with $n - 2$ edges, where edges represent incompatibility. In other words:

Additionally, every chicken is incompatible with at least one other chicken.

Nea1 would like to cross a river using a rowboat that can hold at most $k$ chickens (along with himself) at once. Is it possible for him to bring all $n$ chickens across the river such that no two incompatible chickens are ever left unattended?

More formally, let $A$ and $B$ represent the sets of chickens on both sides of the river. Initially, $A = \{1, 2,..., n\}$ and $B$ is the empty set. Nea1 can perform a sequence of operations. On the $i$ th operation, he does the following:

Does there exist any sequence of operations such that at the end, $A$ is the empty set and $B = \{1, 2,..., n\}$ ? If so, output any sequence that accomplishes this.

Input
The first line of input consists of two space-separated integers $n$ and $k$ $(4 \leq n \leq 1500, 1 \leq k \leq n)$. The following $n - 2$ lines each consist of two space-separated integers $u$ and $v$ $(1 \leq u, v \leq n, u \neq v)$, representing incompatibility between chickens $u$ and $v$. It is guaranteed that the incompatibility graph is a forest, and that every chicken is incompatible with at least one other chicken.

Output
If there exists some sequence of operations that results in all chickens crossing the river, output any such sequence as follows: On the first line, output a single integer $o$ $(1 \leq o \leq 4000)$, representing the number of operations. On each of the following $m$ lines, output a space-separated integer sequence $s, m_1, m_2,..., m_s$ $(0 \leq s \leq k, 1 \leq m_i \leq n)$. On the $i$ th line, $s$ should describe the size of the chosen subset $M$ used in the $i$ th operation. All $m_i$ should be distinct and members of $M$. Otherwise, if it is impossible for the chickens to cross the river, output a single line with the string NO. It can be proven that if there exists any working sequence of operations, there also exists one with at most $4000$ operations under the constraints of the problem.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes