G. Great dinner

UNAL is about to restart classes and the leaders of the algorithms group want to receive all its members with a great dinner in the university campus central dining room.

The group has $N$ members (excluding the leaders) numbered from $1$ to $N$ and the leaders want to organize them in a row before entering the dining room, in order to avoid any disorder. However, some students enjoy teasing others. In particular, there are $M$ bullies and $M$ victims, all of these $2 \times M$ students are different. Each bully annoys exactly one victim and each victim is being bullied by exactly one bully. To make dinner a great time for everyone, the leaders want to ensure that if student A annoys student B, B must not be ahead of A in the line.

Leaders enjoy math challenges, so they wonder how many ways can they organize all students on a line. Can you help them with that?

Input
The first line contains two integers $N$ $(1 \leq N \leq 10^{5})$ and $M$ $(0 \leq 2 \times M \leq min(2 \times 10^{3}, N))$ separated by a space — The number of students, and the number of bullies and victims, respectively. Each of the following $M$ lines will contain two integers $A$ and $B$ $(1 \leq A, B \leq N)$ separated by a space, which means that student $B$ must not be ahead of $A$ in the line. It is guaranteed that each, $A$ and $B$, appears at most once in the input.

Output
Output one integer, the number of ways the leaders can organize the students on a line modulo $10^{9} + 7$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes