E. T-shirt

You are a fashion designer and you are excited about your fresh idea for a T-shirt. A T-shirt of size $n$ for your purposes is an $n \times n$ grid of unit squares. Your idea is to make such a T-shirt by sewing together T-patches. A T-patch consists of $3$ near-unit length segments connecting in a single point as shown:

Your design idea requires placing T-patches so that each side of each square of the T-shirt is covered by exactly one T-patch. Each T-patch can be rotated in any of the four orthogonal directions. For example, a T-shirt of size $2$ can be sewn as follows:

Given the size of the T-shirt $n$, find a correct way to sew it from T-patches or determine that it is impossible!

Input
The input contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 1\,000$), the size of the T-shirt.

Output
The first line of output should contain " Yes " if there exists a required T-shirt of the given size, and " No " otherwise. In the first case you should then output $n+1$ lines of $n+1$ characters describing the design. The $j$ -th character in the $i$ -th line describes the intersection of the $i$ -th horizontal and $j$ -th vertical grid lines. For a T-patch, denote the shortest segment as its stem. If a center of a T-patch is located at that point output " D ", " R ", " U " or " L, if the stem points downward, rightward, upward or leftward, respectively. Otherwise, output the point character ". ". If there are multiple solutions, output any of those.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes