M. Mex Hex

Photo by Becker1999

To defend itself against you, the magic bobcat (as the name suggests) tries to hurt you in unconventional ways. When it attacks, it casts a number of magic spells. Each spell is cast with a particular potential, which can be expressed as a natural number. $^{\text{∗}}$ If you get hit with spells that have the potentials $p_1, p_2, \dots, p_n$, then the pain that you will feel from them is $\mathtt{mex}(\{p_1, p_2, \dots, p_n\})$, where $\mathtt{mex}$ denotes the Minimum Excluded Value. $^{\text{†}}$ Note that the spells do not hurt you immediately. Only after all spells are cast will you feel the pain based on the $\mathtt{mex}$ of their potentials.

To protect yourself, you bring a shield which can, also through magic, deflect the spells. Your shield has an activation duration $d$, which means that when you activate the shield, the next $d$ spells do not hit you. Afterwards, the shield must regenerate its magic and cannot be activated for the following $d$ spells. Apart from that, you can activate the shield as often as you want. To ensure that you give the magic bobcat a good scare, the mayor requested that you sneak up to it. As the bobcat would spot the glow of your activated magic shield, the earliest time you can activate the shield is when you stand before the culprit, right before it casts the first spell.

You must now devise a tactic to sustain as little pain as possible. From studying the previous encounters with magic bobcats, you know the potentials of the spells that will be cast against you. What is the minimum pain you can receive from them if you activate your shield optimally?

$^{\text{∗}}$ For the purposes of this task, the natural numbers are defined as $\mathbb N = \{0, 1, 2, \dots\}$.

$^{\text{†}}$ Given a set $S \subseteq \mathbb N, S \ne \mathbb N$, $\mathtt{mex}(S)$ is the smallest number $m \in \mathbb N$ that is not contained in $S$.

Input
The input consists of: One line with two integers $n$ and $d$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^5$, $1 \leq d \leq n$), the number of spells and the activation duration of your shield. One line with $n$ integers $p_1, \dots, p_n$ ($0 \leq p_i < n$), the potentials of the $n$ spells.

Output
Output a single integer, the minimum pain you can receive from the spells.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes