E. Plants vs. Zombies

BaoBao and DreamGrid are playing the game Plants vs. Zombies. In the game, DreamGrid grows plants to defend his garden against BaoBao's zombies.

There are $n$ plants in DreamGrid's garden arranged in a line. From west to east, the plants are numbered from 1 to $n$ and the $i$ -th plant lies $i$ meters to the east of DreamGrid's house. The $i$ -th plant has a defense value of $d_i$ and a growth speed of $a_i$. Initially, $d_i = 0$ for all $1 \le i \le n$.

DreamGrid uses a robot to water the plants. The robot is in his house initially. In one step of watering, DreamGrid will choose a direction (east or west) and the robot moves exactly 1 meter along the direction. After moving, if the $i$ -th plant is at the robot's position, the robot will water the plant and $a_i$ will be added to $d_i$. Because the water in the robot is limited, at most $m$ steps can be done.

The defense value of the garden is defined as $\min\{d_i | 1 \le i \le n\}$. DreamGrid needs your help to maximize the garden's defense value and win the game.

Please note that:

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2 \le n \le 10^5$, $0 \le m \le 10^{12}$), indicating the number of plants and the maximum number of steps the robot can take. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2,..., a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^5$), where $a_i$ indicates the growth speed of the $i$ -th plant. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ in all test cases will not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case output one line containing one integer, indicating the maximum defense value of the garden DreamGrid can get.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes