E. Pixels

An artist prepared a pixel art drawing for depicting animals in black and white. These drawings should be displayed on a gigantic pixelated, rectangular screen, with $K$ rows (ordered from $0$ to $K - 1$, from top to bottom) and $L$ columns (ordered from $0$ to $L - 1$, from left to right): displaying drawings on such screens is your job.

When you initialize the screen, it displays only white pixels. Then, its pixels should be controlled individually by switches, and pressing the switch of a pixel $P$ ought to change the color of $P$, either from black to white or from white to black. However, the screen has a defect: pressing the switch of the pixel $P$ also changes the color of those pixels that have an edge in common with $P$, i.e., those pixels that are adjacent horizontally or vertically (but not diagonally). Yet, it might still be possible that, by adequately choosing which switches you press, even this defective screen can display the drawing you were handed.

Can you manage to display that drawing? If yes, which set of switches should you press?

Input
Line 1 contains two integers $K$ and $L$, separated by spaces. For all $i$ such that $0 \le i < K$, line $i + 2$ contains $L$ symbols "B" or "W", separated by spaces: if the $j$ -th symbol (with $0 \le j < L$) is a "B", then the pixel that will be displayed on row $i$ and column $j$ should be black; otherwise, it should be a white pixel. Limits $1 \le K \times L \le 100 000$.

Output
If there is no way to display the desired drawing by pressing switches, your output should contain one line with the word "IMPOSSIBLE" and nothing else. Otherwise, your output should contain $K$ lines, each one containing $L$ symbols "A" or "P" and separated by spaces: For all $i$ and $j$ such that $0 \le i < K$ and $0 \le j < L$, if the $j$ -th symbol on line $i + 1$ is a "P", then you should press the switch associated with the pixel on row $i$ and column $j$; otherwise, you should avoid that switch.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes