A. Careful Thief

There are consecutive buildings numbered from 1 to 10 9 each of which has an amount of money in it. The money is given in the form of m non-overlapping segments, in which each segment i has 3 values: l i, r i, and v i, meaning that each building with number x (l i ≤ x ≤ r i) has v i amount of money.

A thief came to rob the city, however, this thief does not want to get caught, so he can only rob at most k consecutive buildings, such that if he starts robbing buildings from building z, he can rob all buildings in the range inclusive.

Your task is to find the maximum amount of money the thief can collect. Can you?

Input
The first line contains an integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 100) specifying the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains two integers m and k (1 ≤ m ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ k ≤ 10 9), in which m is the number money segments, and k is the maximum number of consecutive buildings the thief can rob. Then m lines follow, giving the description of money segments. Each segment i is represented by 3 integers l i, r i and v i (1 ≤ l i ≤ r i ≤ 10 9, 1 ≤ v i ≤ 10 9), in which l i and r i are the boundaries of the segment, and v i is the amount of money in each building in that segment. The sum of m overall test cases does not exceed 2 × 10 6.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the maximum amount of money the thief can collect by robbing at most k consecutive buildings.

Constraints
time limit per test 2.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes