K. Permutation

This is an interactive problem.

There is a hidden permutation of $n$. Recall that a permutation of $n$ is a sequence where each integer from $1$ to $n$ (both inclusive) appears exactly once. Piggy wants to unravel the permutation with some queries.

Each query must consist of a sequence (not necessarily a permutation) with $n$ integers ranging from $1$ to $n$ (both inclusive). Each query is answered with an integer $x$, indicating the number of the positions where the corresponding element in Piggy's query sequence matches that of the hidden permutation. For example, if the hidden permutation is $\{1, 3, 4, 2, 5\}$ and the sequence Piggy asks is $\{2, 3, 5, 2, 5\}$, he'll receive $3$ as the answer.

As Piggy is busy recently, he gives this problem to you. Find the permutation with no more than $6666$ queries.

To ask a query, output one line. First output 0 followed by a space, then print a sequence of $n$ integers ranging from $1$ to $n$ separated by a space. After flushing your output, your program should read a single integer $x$ indicating the answer to your query.

If you want to guess the permutation, output one line. First output 1 followed by a space, then print a permutation of $n$ separated by a space. After flushing your output, your program should exit immediately.

Note that the answer for each test case is pre-determined. That is, the interactor is not adaptive. Also note that your guess does not count as a query.

To flush your output, you can use:

Input
There is only one test case in each test file. The first line of the input contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^3$) indicating the length of the hidden permutation.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes