A. Poster

You are preparing a poster to attract up-and-coming coders for your programming competition. Naturally, you wish to make it as flashy as possible. The poster contains a text consisting of only English alphabet letters, digits, punctuation marks and spaces.

You are preparing the poster by hand and you wish to write the text using your three color pen. The pen can write in blue, yellow and red ink. However, there is only enough ink left in the pen that you can write at most $b$ symbols in blue, $y$ symbols in yellow and $r$ symbols in red.

You've decided that the three types of symbols (letters, digits and punctuation marks) should each be colored in its own color. Determine whether it is possible to achieve this using the given pen!

Input
The first line of input contains $3$ integers $b$, $y$ and $r$ ($0 \leq b, y, r \leq 1\,000$), the maximum number of symbols that can be written with the blue, yellow and red ink, respectively. The next line contains the text that needs to be written in the poster, which consists of only English alphabet letters, digits, punctuation marks and spaces. The only punctuation marks in the input can be ", ", " - ", "; ", " : ", ". ", " ! " and " ? ". The length of the text is between $1$ and $1\,000$ characters. The text begins and ends with characters different from the space character. There are no two consecutive space characters in the text.

Output
Output " Yes ", if it is possible to choose a different color for each type of symbol to write the given text or " No " otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes