G. Subgraph Isomorphism

Grammy wants to get the Turing Award! She decided to solve the Subgraph Isomorphism problem in polynomial time.

Since the problem is indeed too hard, she begins with doing some simplifications and trying to solve the simplified problem first.

Now Grammy has a connected undirected graph $G$ with $n$ vertices and $m$ edges. She wants to know whether it is possible to find a tree $T$ with $n$ vertices such that all connected subgraphs of $G$ with $n$ vertices and $n-1$ edges are isomorphic to $T$. Grammy knows the answer for sure, but she wants to give you a quiz.

Two graphs $G$ and $H$ are isomorphic if and only if there exists a bijection between the vertex sets of $G$ and $H$ ($f:V(G)\to V(H)$) such that any two vertices $u$ and $v$ of $G$ are adjacent in $G$ if and only if $f(u)$ and $f(v)$ are adjacent in $H$.

Two vertices are adjacent if and only if they are directly connected by an edge.

Input
The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10^5$), denoting the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains two integers $n,m$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^5$, $n-1 \leq m \leq 10^5$), denoting the number of vertices and the number of edges respectively. Each of the next $m$ lines contains two integers $u_i,v_i$ ($1\leq u_i,v_i \leq n$, $u_i \neq v_i$), denoting an edge $(u_i,v_i)$. It is guaranteed that there are no multiple edges and the graph is connected. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ and the sum of $m$ in all test cases will not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing either " YES " or " NO ".

Constraints
time limit per test 3 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes