D. LED Display Renovation

You have an LED display capable of showing an $n$ -digit integer, where each digit is represented using the standard $7$ -segment layout.

Initially, each of the $7$ digit segments in every digit block may be in one of three states:

You can renovate at most $k$ digit segments, i.e., convert at most $k$ digit segments into functional. You need to maximize the number of integers that can be correctly displayed and find the number of ways to achieve the maximum. Note that you can renovate digit segments that are initially functional, and each digit segment can be renovated at most once. Two ways of renovation are considered different if there is at least one digit segment that is renovated in one way but not in the other.

An integer is correctly displayed if and only if:

Input
The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 100$), denoting the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains two integers $n$ ($1 \le n \le 9$) and $k$ ($0 < k < 7n$), denoting the number of digits the LED display can show and the number of digit segments you can repair. The next $7$ lines each contain a string of exactly $(5n - 1)$ characters, describing the initial state of the LED display in the form of an ASCII image. The display consists of $n$ digit blocks, each occupying $4$ columns, separated by single-column gaps. All digit segments are represented by two identical characters of ' W ', ' 0 ', or ' 1 ', and all other positions are filled with the character '. ' that are purely for formatting. See the sample input and the notes for details.

Output
For each test case, output a line containing two integers, indicating the maximum number of integers that can be correctly displayed by renovating at most $k$ digit segments, as well as the number of ways to achieve the maximum.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes