N. Just another array problem

In addition to the number theory and string algorithms, Professor Sh. likes to work with arrays, not simple ones, but sorted by non-decreasing order of elements. Today Professor Sh. came up with a great problem and shares it with you. Initially, there is an array $a$ consisting of $N$ numbers, the elements of which are arranged in non-decreasing order. You can apply $2$ types of queries to this array:

Since Professor Sh. knows how to work only with sorted arrays, he does not always know how to check whether there is a number $x$ in the array. Help Professor Sh. – write a program that will correctly respond to both types of queries.

Input
The first line contains the number $N$ $(1 \le N \le 2 \cdot 10^5)$ – array length. The second line contains $N$ numbers $a_i$ $(-10^{18} \le a_i \le 10^{18})$ – elements of the array $a$. It is guaranteed that initially the elements of the array are sorted by non-decreasing order. The third line contains the number $Q$ $(1 \le Q \le 3 \cdot 10^5)$ – the number of queries. The following $Q$ lines contain queries. The queries set like that: $s~k$ $(1 \le |k| < N)$ – shift the array cyclically by $k$ positions. If the number $k$ is negative, then the shift is carried out to the left, otherwise, the shift must be carried out to the right. $?~x$ – check if there is a number $x$ in the array.

Output
For each query " $?~x$ " print a number in a separate line – index of $x$ item in the array. If there is no $x$ in the array, print " $-1$ " in a separate line. It is assumed that the elements of the array are numbered from $1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes