C. Bladestorm

In Hearthstone, Bladestorm is a strong warrior-class spell card, as shown below. Its effect is to deal one damage to all minions until one minion dies.

In real-game situations, Bladestorm itself cannot deal with complicated boards, so it is usually used together with some other area-of-effect spells. Now Bobo is playing the warrior class in Hearthstone, and his opponent plays minions with pairwise distinct health points $a_1,a_2,\dots,a_n$ $(1\leq a_i\leq n)$ sequentially. Bobo has an infinite amount of Bladestorm and spells that can deal $k$ damages to all minions, and we assume that he may play arbitrary of them in any order. He wonders, each time the opponent plays a minion, what is the minimum number of spells he needs to play to remove all minions on board?

Formally, for each $i=1,2,\dots,n$, let $S_i=\{a_1,a_2,\dots,a_i\}$ be the set including the health points of the first $i$ minions. Bobo wants to compute $\text{ans}_i$, which is the minimum number of the following operations to perform to make $S_i$ empty:

Input
This problem contains multiple test cases. The first line of input contains an integer $T$ $(1\leq T \leq 50\,000)$, denoting the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line of input contains two integers $n,k$ $(1\leq k\leq n\leq 10^5)$, denoting the number of minions your opponent plays and the damage of the normal area-of-effect. Then, one line containing $n$ pairwise distinct integers $a_1,a_2,\dots,a_n$ $(1\leq a_i\leq n)$ follows, denoting the health of each minion the opponent plays sequentially. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5\cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output $n$ integers $\text{ans}_1,\text{ans}_2,\dots,\text{ans}_n$ in one line, where the $i$-th $(1\leq i\leq n)$ integer denotes the minimum number of spells Bobo needs to play to remove all minions on board after the opponent plays the first $i$ minions.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes