H. Computational Complexity

Mr. Ham learned about computational complexity in the algorithm course. Let $T\left(n\right)$ be the time the algorithm takes to run on input size $n$. For example, for the merge sort algorithm, we have the following recursion equation, $$T\left(n\right)=2T\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{2}\right \rfloor\right)+O\left(n\right).$$ And we can get the upper bound $T\left(n\right)=O\left(n\log n\right)$ from the algorithm textbook.

Mr. Ham is a good kid who loves to learn and explore, so he decided to try a harder problem. Consider two algorithms $A_1\left(n\right)$ and $A_2\left(n\right)$ that call each other. They satisfy the following calling relationship: $$A_1\left(n\right) \text{ calls } A_2\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{2}\right \rfloor\right), A_2\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{3}\right \rfloor\right), A_2\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{5}\right \rfloor\right)\text{ and } A_2\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{7}\right \rfloor\right),$$ $$A_2\left(n\right) \text{ calls } A_1\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{2}\right \rfloor\right), A_1\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{3}\right \rfloor\right), A_1\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{4}\right \rfloor\right)\text{ and } A_1\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{5}\right \rfloor\right),$$ Mr. Ham wants to know the precise time taken by both algorithms.

The problem can be formally stated as follows:

Let $f\left(n\right)$ be the number of operations required by $A_1\left(n\right)$, and $g\left(n\right)$ be the number of operations required by $A_2\left(n\right)$. They satisfy the following recursion relationship $$f\left(n\right)=\max \left(n, g\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{2}\right \rfloor\right)+ g\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{3}\right \rfloor\right)+ g\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{5}\right \rfloor\right)+ g\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{7}\right \rfloor\right)\right),$$ $$g\left(n\right)=\max \left(n, f\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{2}\right \rfloor\right)+ f\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{3}\right \rfloor\right)+ f\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{4}\right \rfloor\right)+ f\left(\left \lfloor \frac{n}{5}\right \rfloor\right)\right).$$ Given the values of $f\left(0\right), g\left(0\right)$ and $m$, Mr. Ham wants to know what $f\left(m\right)$ and $g\left(m\right)$ are, and the result is modulo $M$.

Note that $ \left \lfloor x\right \rfloor $ represents the largest integer not exceeding $x$, such as $ \left \lfloor 0.5\right \rfloor =0$, $ \left \lfloor 11.3\right \rfloor =11$, $ \left \lfloor 101.9\right \rfloor =101$, $ \left \lfloor 99\right \rfloor =99$, $ \left \lfloor 0\right \rfloor =0$, $ \left \lfloor 2\right \rfloor =2$.

Input
The first line contains four numbers, namely $f(0)$, $g(0)$, $T$, $M$ ($0\le f(0), g(0), T \le 10^5, 2\le M \le 10^{15}$), Each of the next $T$ lines contains a integer $m$ ($0\le m \le 10^{15}$) querying the values of $f(m)$ modulo $M$ and $g(m)$ modulo $M$.

Output
Output $T$ lines, each line contains two numbers $f(m)$ modulo $M$ and $g(m)$ modulo $M$, separated by spaces.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes