L. Master of Both V

Prof. Chen is the master of data structures and computational geometry. Recently, he taught Putata and Budada the definition of a convex polygon. A convex polygon is a simple polygon (that is, no two vertices coincide and no two edges intersect unless two consecutive edges intersect at a vertex) with all interior angles strictly less than $\pi$.

Putata and Budada solved the convex checker problem. But Prof. Chen asked them to go further. Now, they have to maintain a multiset of segments $S$, initially empty, and support the following two types of queries:

After each query, Putata and Budada need to answer if there exists a convex polygon $\mathcal{C}$ with the following property. Let the vertices of the convex polygon be $p_0, p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_{m - 1}$ in counter-clockwise order. For every segment $u \in S$, there exists an integer $j \in \{0, 1, 2, \ldots, m - 1\}$ such that $u \subseteq p_{j} p_{(j + 1) \bmod m}$. For two segments $e$ and $f$, we say $e \subseteq f$ if and only if, for every point $z \in e$, this point $z \in f$.

Please help Putata and Budada to solve this problem.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 5 \cdot 10^5$) denoting the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains an integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 5 \cdot 10^5$) denoting the number of queries. Each of the following $n$ lines contains one query. The query begins with a character $op$ ($op\in\{+,-\}$). If $\mathit{op} = \texttt{+}$, then four integers $\mathit{px}$, $\mathit{py}$, $\mathit{qx}$, and $\mathit{qy}$ ($-10^9 \leq \mathit{px}, \mathit{py}, \mathit{qx}, \mathit{qy} \leq 10^9$) follow, denoting an inserting query. It is guaranteed that $\mathit{px} \neq \mathit{qx}$ or $\mathit{py} \neq \mathit{qy}$. Otherwise, an integer $i$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$) follows, denoting an erasing query. It is guaranteed that the $i$ -th query is an inserting query, and the corresponding segment is currently in the multiset. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print a line consisting of 0 s and 1 s. The $i$ -th character must be 1 if the answer is true after the $i$ -th query, otherwise it must be 0.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 mebibytes