E. Counting Is Fun

You are given a tree with $n$ nodes and a positive integer $c$. The $i$ -th edge connects the nodes $u_i$ and $v_i$.

Before the traversal begins, choose a permutation $p$ of $[1, 2, \ldots, n - 1]$ and label the $i$ -th edge with $p_i$. These labels remain fixed throughout the traversal.

You start from node $1$ with an integer $x = 1$.

During the traversal, you may repeatedly perform one of the following operations:

You must start at node $1$, visit all nodes, and return to node $1$. The cost of a traversal is the number of times you perform Operation B.

Define $f(p)$ as the minimum cost of a traversal when the edges are labelled according to the permutation $p$.

Your task is to count the number of permutations $p$ of $[1, 2, \ldots n - 1]$ such that $f(p) = c$. Since the number might be large, output it modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains integers $n$ and $c$ ($2 \le n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$, $1 \le c \le n - 1$) — the number of vertices and the target cost. The next $n-1$ lines describe the edges of the tree. The $i$ -th of these lines contains two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ ($1 \le u_i < v_i \le n$) — the endpoints of the $i$ -th edge. The edges are numbered in the order they are given in the input. You will later label the $i$ -th edge with $p_i$, where $p$ is a permutation of $[1, 2, \ldots, n - 1]$. It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree, and that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test, find the number of valid permutations modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes