G. Exhausting Training

Aidar is preparing for another international olympiad.

In Aidar's opinion, the success of his performance depends on two indicators — the speed of coding and the speed of generating ideas.

Aidar knows that at the moment his coding speed is S p, and his idea generation speed is S m.

Every day, Aidar will spend T p minutes training his coding speed, which will increase his coding speed by D p every two days.

Similarly, every day Aidar will spend T m minutes training his idea generation speed, which will increase his idea generation speed by D m every two days.

Note that the transition from "quantity to quality" is not instantaneous, so after one day of training, Aidar will not feel an increase of.

Aidar can also conduct "intensive" training:

Aidar will consider himself sufficiently prepared if both speeds (coding and idea generation) are not lower than the value E.

Aidar wants to reach a sufficient level of preparedness as soon as possible (but at the same time does not want to expend excessive effort), so he asks you to determine:

Input
The first line contains integers S p, S m, D p, D m, T p, T m, E (1 ≤ S p, S m, E ≤ 10 8, 1 ≤ D p, D m ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ T p, T m ≤ 10 8) — the initial values of Aidar's skills, the indicators of skill change, the required number of minutes for regular training, and the sufficient level of preparedness, respectively.

Output
In the first line, output an integer — the minimum number of days in which Aidar can achieve a sufficient level of preparedness. In the second line, output an integer — the minimum total number of minutes he can spend on preparation (given the achievement of the minimum number of days).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes