M. Building Force Fields

Another asteroid hit Mars. Fortunately, no Martians were hurt this time. Scotty, the king of Mars, decided to build force fields to protect the human colonies on Mars. As (not many) people know, building force fields costs a lot of energy, therefore he wants to minimize the total length of the force fields, can you help him?

You can imagine Mars as a 2D plane (y = 0 represents the surface of the planet) where each colony is a point with integer coordinates (x i, y i) (yes, there are flying colonies in Mars). A force field is a polyline that starts in one of the colonies and ends in another. You can build as many force fields as you want, as long as the following rules are satisfied:

A colony with coordinates (x, y) is covered by a force field that starts in x1 and ends in x2 along the X axis, if x 1 ≤ x ≤ x 2 and y ≤ f (x) where f (x) is the y coordinate of the point of the force field polyline with X coordinate x. What is the minimum total length of force fields that is needed to cover all colonies?

Input
The first line contains one integer T, the number of test cases. Each test case consists of two lines, the first one contains an integer n, the number of colonies (2 ≤ n ≤ 1,000). The next line contains 2 n space separated integers, the x and y coordinates of each colony (0 ≤ x, y ≤ 10 6) colonies are given in increasing order of their x coordinates. You can assume that no two colonies have the same x coordinates.

Output
For each test case, print on a single line, a single number representing the minimum total length of force fields needed to cover all colonies, rounded to six decimal digits.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes