I. PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS

PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS (PUBG, also known as "Chicken Dinner") is the most popular survival shooter game in recent months. Players are dropped into a wide, open area, and they must fight with each other until the last person survives. Specifically, there is a shrinking circle called safe area in the battlefield, while players outside this area will suffer continued damage, which forces them to confront each other and creates chances of skirmish.

Some players are particularly stupid, so they became users of the WG company. But recently, WG company often receive complaints from users that they often die outside the safe area. After carefully study, WG company found that their users are too stupid to know how to run into the safe area. Therefore, they decided to assist their users to complete this action.

After creating a coordinate system on the map, the player is at (x 0, y 0) point at moment 0, with movement speed v. At this moment, there is a circle C 1 with radius of r 1 and center at (x 1, y 1) indicating the safe area now. And players outside the safe area will get d 1 continued damage per unit of time. The safe area will start to shrink at time t 1 and becomes a smaller circle C 2 at time t 2, whose center is (x 2, y 2) and has radius r 2. Since then, players outside the safe area will get d 2 damage per unit of time.

C 2 is strictly in C 1, and the change of circle radius and the movement of circle center are at a constant speed. However, damages outside the safe area will change from d 1 to d 2 instantly at t 2.

Your mission is to calculate the minimum damage the player incurs from the moment 0 till he/she reaches the final safe area C 2 if the player moves optimally.

Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T test cases follow. Each test case contains three lines. The first line contains three integers x 0, y 0 and v, indicating the initial position and moving speed of player. The second line contains five integers x 1, y 1, r 1, d 1 and t 1, while the third line also contains five integers x 2, y 2, r 2, d 2 and t 2, as described above respectively. 1 ≤ T ≤ 100. 0 ≤ x 0 ≤ 80000. 0 ≤ y 0 ≤ 80000. 50 ≤ v ≤ 400. Every point (x, y) on C 1 has 0 ≤ x ≤ 80000 and 0 ≤ y ≤ 80000. C 2 is strictly in C 1. 1 ≤ d 1 ≤ d 2 ≤ 11. 0 ≤ t 1 ≤ t 2 ≤ 80000.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing " Case #x: y ", where x is the test case number (starting from 1) and y is the minimum damages. y will be considered correct if it is within an absolute or relative error of 10 - 4 of the correct answer.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes