J. Judging the Trick

Tricky Ricky is a world-famous magician. He even claims that he can overcome the laws of physics and geometry.

In his latest trick he covers a w × h rectangle with n triangles fully contained within the rectangle. Sounds easy? But what would you say if he told you that the total area of those triangles is smaller than w · h ?

You are of that kind of people that are not very fun at parties and magic shows, so you want to prove him that this is impossible. Given a description of n triangles, find any point of the rectangle which does not belong to any triangle interior or border.

Input
The first line of the input contains three integers n, w and h (1 ≤ n ≤ 100 000, 1 ≤ w, h ≤ 10 000) — the number of triangles and the dimensions of the rectangle. The following n lines contain descriptions of triangle vertices. Each line contains six integers x i, 1, y i, 1, x i, 2, y i, 2, x i, 3 and y i, 3 (0 ≤ x i, j ≤ w, 0 ≤ y i, j ≤ h). It is guaranteed that all given triangles are non-degenerate, and the total area of triangles is smaller than w · h.

Output
Print two real numbers x and y (0 ≤ x ≤ w, 0 ≤ y ≤ h) defining the coordinates of a point that lies strictly outside of all of the triangles. The numbers should be printed as decimal fractions with at most 9 digits after decimal point. Note that usage of exponential format is not allowed. Your answer will be considered correct if the given point does not belong to any triangle interior or border. Please, note that your answer will be verified with no absolute or relative tolerance. It is guaranteed (by Euclid and some other guys) that such point always exists.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes