A. Qualifiers Ranking Rules

The following is the current ranking rules for the ICPC Asia EC Online Qualifiers, and there will be two online contests.

1. In each contest, only the rank of the top-ranked team from each university will be taken as the score of that university;

2. In each contest, participating universities will be ranked according to their scores;

3. The two rankings of universities are combined using the merge sorting method. For any two universities that obtain the same ranking in different contests, the university that received this ranking in the first contest will be ranked first.

4. Delete duplicate universities and obtain the final ranking of all participating universities (only the highest rankings for each university are retained).

Now assuming that there are $n$ teams in the first contest and $m$ teams in the second contest.

For each contest, given the ranking of each team and the university to which it belongs, please output the final ranking of all participating universities according to the above rules.

You can better understand this process through the sample.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n,m\ (1\le n,m\le 10^4)$, representing the number of teams participating in the first contest and the second contest. Then following $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains a string $s_i\ (1\le |s_i|\le 10)$ only consisting of uppercase letters, representing the abbreviation of the university to which the $i$ -th ranked team in the first contest belongs. Then following $m$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains a string $t_i\ (1\le |t_i|\le 10)$ only consisting of uppercase letters, representing the abbreviation of the university to which the $i$ -th ranked team in the second contest belongs. It's guaranteed that each university has only one abbreviation.

Output
Output several lines, the $i$ -th line contains a string, representing the abbreviation of the $i$ -th ranked university in the final ranking. You should ensure that the abbreviation of any participating universities appears exactly once.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 128 megabytes