H. Tiring Wait

Anatoly agreed with Slava to travel together to the new bus station.

The guys agreed to go together either from stop A or from the next stop B.

It is known that Slava has already boarded the necessary bus and is heading in the direction of " A B " (that is, he will first pass stop A and then stop B).

Anatoly arrived at stop B earlier than Slava but quickly realized that he misjudged the weather forecast — a heavy rain began with a piercing cold wind.

To avoid freezing, Anatoly decided to take the first bus that arrived and go to stop A to wait there. However, it didn't get any warmer at stop A, so Anatoly jumped on a bus heading to stop B...

Let's describe the process more formally:

It is known that all buses travel the distance between stops A and B (in both directions) in d minutes.

It is also known that if Anatoly gets off the bus at time t, he can board the next bus no earlier than t + 1 (he needs to cross the road, at least).

Knowing the arrival times of all buses at stop B, determine:

Input
The first line contains space-separated integers n, m, d (1 ≤ n, m ≤ 10 6,  1 ≤ d ≤ 10 6) — the number of buses going to stop B from stop A, the number of buses going to stop B from the opposite side, and the travel time between stops A and B, respectively. The second line contains space-separated n integers a 1, a 2, ..., a n (0 ≤ a 1 < a 2 < ... < a n ≤ 10 6) — the moments in time when buses coming from stop A arrive at stop B. Slava is on the last of these buses. The third line contains m integers b 1, b 2, ..., b m (0 ≤ b 1 < b 2 < ... < b m ≤ 10 6) — the moments in time when buses coming from the opposite side arrive at stop B.

Output
In the first line, output a space-separated character and an integer: the character A if Anatoly boards the bus with Slava at stop A, or the character B if Anatoly boards at stop B; the number of buses Anatoly has ridden by that moment.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes