A. Arthur The Ant

Arthur the ant lives in a beautiful garden that contains a large pond containing multiple lily pads. The pond can be described as an $n \times m$ grid containing $k$ lily pads. The $i$ -th lily pad is located at position $(x_i, y_i)$ on the pond. There are always lily pads on location $(1,1)$ and $(n,m)$.

Arthur is located at position $(1,1)$ but he wants to walk to position $(n,m)$. As ants cannot swim he must wait for the lily pads to grow. During each day the lily pads will expand to all neighbouring locations, that is, if at day $j$ location $(a,b)$ is covered by a lily pad, then in day $j+1$ locations $(a+1, b), (a-1, b), (a, b+1)$ and $(a, b-1)$ will also be covered by lily pads.

Arthur can walk to neighbouring locations that contain lily pads. If Arthur is located at position $(a,b)$ then he can walk to locations $(a+1, b), (a-1, b), (a, b+1)$ and $(a, b-1)$ if they are covered by a lily pad.

Arthur isn't the smartest ant, so he asks you how many days does he have to wait until there exists a path from $(1,1)$ to $(n,m)$ that contains lily pads.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer $t$ $(1 \leq t \leq 5 \cdot 10^4)$, the number of test cases. The description of the $t$ test cases follow. The first line of each test case contains three integers $n, m, k$ ($1 \leq n,m \leq 10^9, 2 \leq k \leq 10^5$), the dimensions of the pond and the number of lily pads. The next $k$ lines of each test case contain two integers $x_i, y_i$ ($1 \leq x_i \leq n, 1 \leq y_i \leq m$), corresponding to the location of the $i$ -th lily pad. It is guaranteed lily pads $(1,1)$ and $(n,m)$ are always contained in the input, and that the sum of $k$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$. It is also guaranteed that $n = m = 1$ will never happen.

Output
For each test case, output the minimum number of days that Arthur has to wait until there exists a path from $(1,1)$ to $(n,m$) that contains lily pads.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 s
memory limit per test 256 megabytes