L. Mahdi And The Teddy Bear

Time goes so quickly; remember Bakkar ’s & Maymona ’s anniversary two years ago when Bakkar bought a smartphone as a surprise gift for Maymona ? Well Maymona had also a joyful surprise for Bakkar. Maymona was pregnant.

Months later Maymona gave birth to a beautiful baby and they decided to call him Mahdi. They were really so excited about their first child and decided to do their best to raise him up well. Mahdi is now about one year old and started to learn how to talk. As Bakkar & Maymona are geeks they had a very creative idea to teach Mahdi how to talk and evaluate his progress.

Simply they programmed a little teddy bear to speak so Mahdi can repeat after him. When Mahdi repeats what the teddy bear just said it recognises the word and analyse it. And as we all know its very natural that kids don’t spell all letters at the beginning. So what Bakkar & Maymona thought to evaluate the correctness and progress of what Mahdi says is to check if the work Mahdi repeats after the teddy bear is a subsequence of the original word the teddy bear just said. To evaluate Mahdi ’s progress the teddy bear defines a subsequence of a string y if it can be produced by deleting some of the characters in y. For example, "ace" is a subsequence of "adcbe" but not a subsequence of "bcae". If Mahdi spells a subsequence it is considered to be a positive indicator that Mahdi is progressing. To motivate Mahdi when he spells something correctly according to what we mentioned; if he spells a subsequence of the original word the teddy bear would respond with ‘bravo’ and start clapping, Otherwise he would repeat the word again several times until so Mahdi can take his time practicing.

The teddy bear is programmed in a very simple and creative way. He says random words based on an equation that Bakkar & Maymona invented. They specify a starting character to start the word, the length of the word, adder and multiplier. Simply the word is generated as follows:

s 0 = starting character

s i = char((pos(s i - 1) * multiplier + i * adder) % 26)

Where:

pos(a) = 0, pos(b) = 1,....pos(z) = 25

char(0)= a, char(1)= b,.....char(25)= z

Hmmmmm, Bakkar & Maymona are so busy; Bakkar at his work and Maymona taking care of the house and Mahdi. And as you are one of their best friends and still single and have some spare time you proposed to program the teddy bear for them. Besides you are the voice recognition geek among their friends;).

For simplicity the words Mahdi repeats will be generated using the same equation the teddy bear uses.

Input
The first line will be an integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 10) the number of test cases. Each test case will start by a line containing 1 character and 3 integers (length, multiplier, adder) for the string S as described above (1 ≤ length(S) ≤ 10 7). The next line will contain a single integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 10 4) the number of strings Mahdi repeats. The next N lines each contain 1 character and 3 integers (length, multiplier, adder) for the string L i as described above. The starting character will be a lowercase character, (1 ≤ length(L i) ≤ 100), 1 ≤ multiplier, adder ≤ 1000.

Output
For each test, For each test case print a single line containing "Case n:" (without the quotes) where n is the test case number (starting from 1) followed by N lines each containing either "BRAVO" (without quotes) if L i is a subsequence of S and Mahdi is making a progress or "REPEAT" (without quotes) otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 8 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes