K. Split

You are given a positive integer $n$ and a non-increasing sequence $a_i$ of length $n$, satisfying $\forall i \in [1,n-1],a_i \ge a_{i+1}$.

Then, you are given a positive integer $m$, which represents the total number of operations.

There are two types of operations. The first type gives an integer $x$ satisfying $1<x<n$ and changes $a_x$ to $a_{x-1}+a_{x+1}-a_x$.

The second type is query operation and gives an integer $k$. Assuming the sequence is divided into $k$ segments, and the length of each segment must be at least $1$. The value of a segment is defined as the difference between the maximum element and the minimum element of the segment. You should print the mininum sum of the values of the $k$ segments for all possible ways to divide the sequence into $k$ segments.

Specifically, for each operation, you will be given the type of the operation first. If it is $0$, it means the first type of operation, and if it is $1$, it means the second type of operation. For the first type of operation, you will then be given a positive integer $x$. For the second type of operation, you will then be given a positive integer $k$.

Input
The first line contains a positive integer $n$ $(3 \le n \le 10^6)$, representing the length of the sequence. The second line contains $n$ positive integers $a_1, a_2,..., a_{n}$ $(1 \le a_i \le 10^9)$. The third line contains a positive integer $m$ $(1 \le m \le 10^6)$, representing the total number of operations. Next $m$ lines, each line containing either " $0$ $x$ " $(1 < x < n)$ or " $1$ $k$ " $(1 \le k \le n)$, denoting an operation.

Output
Print $q$ lines where the $i$ -th line contains one integer — the answer for the $i$ -th query operation.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes