B. LEGO-complete

You are given a binary matrix consisting of 0s and 1s. All the 1s form a single connected component under 4-directional connectivity (i.e., cells are connected if they share a side: up, down, left, or right).

Your task is to build a 2-layer LEGO structure exactly covering the region of 1s using the following three types of bricks:

Your goal is to cover all the 1s using the specified types of bricks on both two layers while leaving all the 0s empty on both two layers. In addition, the entire LEGO structure must be structurally stable — that is, it Does Not Fall Apart.

We define two bricks to be adjacent if they are in different layer and share at least one common cell. A LEGO structure is said Does Not Fall Apart if all bricks form a single connected component through such adjacency.

If any solution exists, output any one of them. Otherwise, output -1.

Formally, you are given an $n \times m$ binary matrix $A$. You need to output two $n \times m$ matrices $B_0$ and $B_1$ representing the brick IDs on the upper and lower layers. Your output must satisfy the following:

Input
The first line contains two integers $n, m$ $(1 \leq n, m \leq 1\times10^3)$. For the following $n$ lines, each line contains a 01 string with length $m$. Represents matrix $A$. It is guaranteed that all the 1s in $A$ under 4-directional connectivity.

Output
If any solution exists, output the two matrices $B_0$ and $B_1$ as follows: for each matrix, print $n$ lines, each line containing $m$ integers separated by spaces. If no such solution exists, output -1.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes