B. Mountain Booking

Byte Mountain is a beautiful tourist attraction in Byteland. There are $n$ areas on the Byte Mountain, labeled by $1,2,\dots,n$, connected by $n-1$ undirected roads. There is exactly one path between each pair of different areas. In other words, the map of the mountain is a tree with $n$ nodes.

Assume today is day $0$. In each of the next $m$ days, the map of the mountain will be changed a little. Formally, in the early morning of day $i$ ($1\leq i\leq m$), the $k_i$ -th road will be closed forever, and another new road will be built, but the map of the mountain will always be a tree.

You are given the road construction plans for all the next $m$ days, together with bookings of $p$ tourists. The $i$ -th tourist will visit the $b_i$ -th area in the afternoon of day $a_i$, and will leave the mountain that night. You are now wondering about some interesting metrics.

Note that each road is weighted. Let $f(u,v)$ be the maximum value of weights among all the roads on the unique single path from $u$ to $v$ ($u\neq v$). You will be given $q$ queries. In the $i$ -th query, you will be given two integers $c_i$ and $d_i$. You are required to calculate the following metric of the $d_i$ -th area on the $c_i$ -th day:

$$ \sum_{1\leq j\leq p,\,a_j=c_i,\,b_j\neq d_i} f(b_j,d_i) $$

Input
The first line of the input contains four integers $n,m,p$ and $q$ ($2 \leq n \leq 10^5, 1\leq m,p,q\leq 2\times 10^5$), denoting the number of areas, the number of incoming days, the number of tourists and the number of queries, respectively. Each of the next $n-1$ lines contains three integers $u_i,v_i$ and $w_i$ ($1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq n$, $u_i \neq v_i$, $1\leq w_i\leq 10^9$), denoting a two-way road between the $u_i$ -th area and the $v_i$ -th area, whose weight is $w_i$. The $i$ -th road is labeled by $i$ ($1\leq i<n$). These $n-1$ roads describe the map of the mountain at day $0$. Each of the next $m$ lines contains four integers $k_i,u_i,v_i$ and $w_i$ ($1\leq k_i\leq n-2+i$, $1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq n$, $u_i \neq v_i$, $1\leq w_i\leq 10^9$), denoting that at day $i$ the road $k_i$ will be closed forever, and the new road labeled by $n-1+i$ will be built between the $u_i$ -th area and the $v_i$ -th area, whose weight is $w_i$. It is guaranteed that the map of the mountain will always be a tree, and no road will be closed more than once. Each of the next $p$ lines contains two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ ($1\leq a_i\leq m$, $1\leq b_i\leq n$), describing a tourist's booking. Each of the next $q$ lines contains two integers $c_i$ and $d_i$ ($1\leq c_i\leq m$, $1\leq d_i\leq n$), describing a query.

Output
For each query, print a single line containing an integer, denoting the answer.

Constraints
time limit per test 6 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes