H. Range Periodicity Query

For a string $w=w_1w_2\dots w_{len}$, we say that an integer $p$ is a period of $w$ if $w_i = w_{i+p}$ holds for all $i$ ($1 \leq i \leq len - p$) and $1\leq p\leq len$.

You will be given a string $d=d_1d_2\dots d_n$ to generate $n+1$ strings $S_0,S_1,S_2,\dots,S_n$, where $S_0$ is an empty string, and for all $i$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$):

Here, " + " denotes concatenation of strings.

You will then be given a sequence of integers $p_1,p_2,\dots,p_m$. You need to answer $q$ queries, in each query, you will be given three integers $k$, $l$ and $r$. You need to find the minimum number among $p_{l},p_{l+1},\dots,p_{r-1},p_r$ such that it is a period of string $S_k$, or determine there is no answer.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 500\,000$) denoting the number of non-empty strings. The second line contains a string $d$ of length $n$ consists of lowercase and uppercase English letters. The third line contains a single integer $m$ ($1 \leq m \leq 500\,000$) denoting the length of the sequence $p$. The fourth line contains $m$ integers $p_1,p_2,\dots,p_m$ ($1 \leq p_i \leq n$). The fifth line contains a single integer $q$ ($1 \leq q \leq 500\,000$) denoting the number of queries. Each of the next $q$ lines contains three integers $k$, $l$ and $r$ ($1\leq k\leq n$, $1\leq l\leq r\leq m$), denoting a query.

Output
For each query, print a single line containing an integer denoting the answer. Note that when there is no answer, please print " -1 " instead.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes