L. Binary String

A binary string is a non-empty sequence of $0$ 's and $1$ 's, e.g., 010110, 1, 11101, etc. Ayu has a favorite binary string $S$ which contains no leading zeroes. She wants to convert $S$ into its decimal representation with her calculator.

Unfortunately, her calculator cannot work on any integer larger than $K$ and it will crash. Therefore, Ayu may need to remove zero or more bits from $S$ while maintaining the order of the remaining bits such that its decimal representation is no larger than $K$. The resulting binary string also must not contain any leading zeroes.

Your task is to help Ayu to determine the minimum number of bits to be removed from $S$ to satisfy Ayu's need.

For example, let $S$ = 1100101 and $K = 13$. Note that 1100101 is $101$ in decimal representation, thus, we need to remove several bits from $S$ to make it no larger than $K$. We can remove the $3^{rd}$, $5^{th}$, and $6^{th}$ most significant bits, i.e. 11 0 0 1 0 1 $\rightarrow$ 1101. The decimal representation of 1101 is $13$, which is no larger than $K = 13$. In this example, we removed $3$ bits, and this is the minimum possible (If we remove only $2$ bits, then we will have a binary string of length $5$ bits; notice that any binary string of length $5$ bits has a value of at least $16$ in decimal representation).

Input
Input begins with a line containing an integer $K$ ($1 \le K \le 2^{60}$) representing the limit of Ayu's calculator. The second line contains a binary string $S$ ($1 \le |S| \le 60$) representing Ayu's favorite binary string. You may safely assume $S$ contains no leading zeroes.

Output
Output contains an integer in a line representing the minimum number of bits to be removed from $S$.

Constraints
time limit per test 0.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes