G. Contrived Intelligence

This is an interactive problem.

With the field of artificial intelligence on the rise, you have decided to take a detour and instead look at the human mind again. You have realized that the emotions of your best friend, Adamant, can be encoded as a hidden polynomial with integer coefficients; call it $P(x)$. To know more about $P(x)$, you can ask everyday questions from Adamant while obtaining mathematical values related to $P(x)$ from his answers.

There are $N$ questions that you may ask, numbered $1$ through $N$. Whenever you ask the $k$ -th question, you are told how many of the integers $P(1), P(2), \dots, P(k)$ are divisible by $k$.

Of course, it is impossible to fully understand a person simply from talking to them, but you would like to predict how Adamant might behave in certain scenarios.

There are $N$ possible scenarios, numbered $1$ through $N$. In the $k$ -th scenario, Adamant's behavior is fully determined by the number of integers among $P(1), P(2), \dots, P(k)$, which are co-prime with $k$.

You have to predict Adamant's behavior in each scenario while asking him at most $10^4$ questions.

The interaction begins with the interactor providing you with the number $N$ ($1 \leq N \leq 10^5$), which serves as the upper limit on the questions and the number of scenarios. You can then begin asking questions.

To ask the $k$ -th question ($1 \leq k \leq N$), print " ? k ", without quotes. Afterward, you should read a single integer, the answer to the $k$ -th question. Don't forget to flush the output after printing a question!

You are only allowed to ask at most $10^4$ questions.

When you have fully determined Adamant's behavior in all possible scenarios, print " ! ", followed by $N$ integers. The $k$ -th integer must be the number of integers $j$, such that $1 \leq j \leq k$ and $\gcd(P(j), k) = 1$.

For each test, the polynomial $P(x)$ is chosen in advance and does not change.

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes