G. Cars and Dirty Socks

This is an interactive problem. If you are not familiar with this type of problem, it is recommended to read the following guide: https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/45307

Kaladin is participating in a game by the famous YouTuber Mr. Besta. The game works as follows:

The host of the game challenges Kaladin to guess which door hides the car. The game follows these steps:

Kaladin will participate in the game $N=10000$ times in a row. He will only win the car if he guesses correctly at least $6500$ out of the $N$ games. Your task is to implement a strategy to help Kaladin win the car.

This is an interactive question. Remember to always "flush" the output with "std::endl" or cout.flush()

For example, suppose there is only $1$ test case and the game occurred as follows:

Input/Judge

Kaladin:

Input
The input is interactive and follows this format: In the first line, you will receive an integer $N = 10^4$, indicating the number of times Kaladin will play. For each game: You must print an integer between 1 and 3, representing the initially chosen door. You will receive an integer between 1 and 3, indicating the door opened by the host with a dirty sock. You must print another integer between 1 and 3, representing the door chosen by Kaladin as his final decision. You will receive an integer $0$ or $1$, where $1$ means Kaladin won the car, and $0$ means he chose a dirty sock. Note that there is only 1 test case, so there is no test input!

Output
You should not produce direct standard output, except for the interaction with the system described in the input section. Your strategy will be evaluated at the end. Kaladin will win the car if he guesses correctly at least $6500$ times in $N = 10000$ games.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes