J. Graph and Cycles

There is an undirected weighted complete graph of $n$ vertices where $n$ is odd.

Let's define a cycle-array of size $k$ as an array of edges $[e_1,e_2,\ldots,e_k]$ that has the following properties:

It is obvious that edges in a cycle-array form a cycle.

Let's define $f(e_1, e_2)$ as a function that takes edges $e_1$ and $e_2$ as parameters and returns the maximum between the weights of $e_1$ and $e_2$.

Let's say that we have a cycle-array $C = [e_1, e_2, \ldots, e_k]$. Let's define the price of a cycle-array as the sum of $f(e_i, e_{i+1})$ for all $i$ from $1$ to $k$ (consider $e_{k+1} = e_1$).

Let's define a cycle-split of a graph as a set of non-intersecting cycle-arrays, such that the union of them contains all of the edges of the graph. Let's define the price of a cycle-split as the sum of prices of the arrays that belong to it.

There might be many possible cycle-splits of a graph. Given a graph, your task is to find the cycle-split with the minimum price and print the price of it.

Input
The first line contains one integer $n$ ($3 \le n\le 999$, $n$ is odd) — the number of nodes in the graph. Each of the following $\frac{n \cdot (n-1)}{2}$ lines contain three space-separated integers $u$, $v$ and $w$ ($1 \le u,v \le n,u \neq v, 1 \le w \le 10^9$), meaning that there is an edge between the nodes $u$ and $v$ that has weight $w$.

Output
Print one integer — the minimum possible price of a cycle-split of the graph.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes