L. ICPC Teams

You are participating in the ICPC (International Collegiate Programming Contest) with a team of three members. Each team member has a different coding speed: member 1 has a coding speed of $A$, member 2 has a coding speed of $B$, and member 3 has a coding speed of $C$. Additionally, you have a list of $N$ programming problems, and each problem takes $X_i$ units of time to solve.

Since your team members can code in parallel, you want to determine the minimum time it will take for your team to solve all the problems.

Each team member's contribution to solving a problem is proportional to their coding speed. Specifically, if a problem takes $X_i$ units of time to code, member 1 will take $X_i/A$ units of time, member 2 will take $X_i/B$ units of time, and member 3 will take $X_i/C$ units of time.

Your task is to calculate the minimum time required for your team to solve all the problems, assuming they can work on the problems simultaneously.

Input
The input consists of two lines. The first line contains four positive integers $N$ $(1 \leq N \leq 50)$, $A$, $B$, and $C$ $(1 \leq A, B, C \leq 10)$, representing the number of problems and coding speeds of the three team members, respectively. The second line contains $N$ positive integers $X_1, X_2, \ldots, X_N$ $(1 \leq X_i \leq 10)$, representing the time required to solve each problem.

Output
Output a single integer, representing the minimum time (rounded up to the nearest integer) it will take for your team to solve all the problems.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes