G. Streak Manipulation

This semester, Mr. Ham spent a lot of time in training for ICPC. He has $n$ classes this semester, and he only attended some of them. He uses a binary string $s_{1..n}$ to represent which classes he attended. If the $i$ -th character of the string is $\texttt{1}$, he attended the $i$ -th class. Otherwise, he didn't attend the $i$ -th class.

If Mr. Ham attended $k$ consecutive classes, he would get a streak of length $k$. Formally, if $1\leq i\leq j\leq n$ satisfies the following conditions, we say that Mr. Ham has a streak of length $j-i+1$ :

For example, if $s=\texttt{101101}$, Mr. Ham has one streak of length $2$ and two streaks of length $1$.

Mr. Ham found that he was absent from too many classes. So he stole the attendance record and wants to change it (It's not allowed, so please don't do that). Given $m$ and $k$, he can change at most $m$ records from $\texttt{0}$ to $\texttt{1}$. He wants to know the maximum length of the $k$ -th longest streak he can get.

If there are less than $k$ streaks, we define the length of $k$ -th longest streak as $-1$.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$ and $k$ ($1\leq m\leq n\leq 2\times 10^5$, $1\leq k\leq \min(n, 5)$). The second line contains a string $s$ of length $n$. It is guaranteed that $\forall 1\leq i\leq n, s_i \in \{\texttt{0},\texttt{1}\}$.

Output
Output the maximum length of the $k$ -th longest streak Mr. Ham can get by changing at most $m$ records from $\texttt{0}$ to $\texttt{1}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes