D. Odd and Even

Given an integer sequence $A = a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_k$ of length $k$, you can split it into several non-empty contiguous subarrays such that each element belongs to exactly one subarray. For each subarray, we calculate the sum of its elements. Let $p$ be the number of subarrays with an odd sum, and $q$ be the number of subarrays with an even sum.

You need to answer $m$ queries about this sequence. Each query is denoted as an integer $r$, and you need to find the maximum possible values of $p$ and $q$ under the condition that $p + q = r$, respectively.

As sequence $A$ might be long, we'll describe it in run-length encoding. More formally, given $n$ pairs of integers $(v_1, l_1), (v_2, l_2), \cdots, (v_n, l_n)$, sequence $A$ is derived as follows: starting from an empty sequence, first append $v_1$ to the back of the sequence $l_1$ times, then append $v_2$ to the back of the sequence $l_2$ times,..., finally append $v_n$ to the back of the sequence $l_n$ times. See the explanation of the sample test case below for an example.

Input
There is only one test case in each test file. The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n, m \le 2 \times 10^5$), indicating the length of the run-length encoding of the sequence, and the number of queries. For the following $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains two integers $v_i$ and $l_i$ ($1 \le v_i, l_i \le 10^9$). Therefore, the length of sequence $A$ can be calculated as $k = \sum\limits_{i = 1}^n l_i$. It is guaranteed that $v_i \ne v_{i + 1}$ for all $1 \le i \lt n$. For the following $m$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains an integer $r_i$ ($1 \le r_i \le k$), indicating the $i$ -th query.

Output
For each query, output one line containing two integers separated by a space, indicating the maximum possible values of $p$ and $q$ under the condition that $p + q = r$, respectively.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes