H. Routing

You work as an engineer for the Inane Collaboration for Performance Computing, where you are in charge of designing an intercommunication network for their computers. The network is arranged as a rectangular array of $2n - 1$ rows, each having $2^{n-1}$ switches. A switch is a device with two input wires, $X$ and $Y$, and two output wires, $X_0$ and $Y_0$. If the switch is off, data from input $X$ will be relayed to output $X_0$, and data from $Y$ to $Y_0$. If it is on, $X$ will be connected to $Y_0$ and $Y$ to $X_0$. Additionally, there are $2^n$ computers in the topmost and bottommost rows, and messages need to be sent between pairs of them. Notice that data from two different sources cannot share a wire but, of course, both pieces of data can be routed through the same switch on different inputs.

You have come to the conclusion that the network that best suits your purposes has the Benes topology. A 1-Benes network is just a switch. For $n > 1$, a $n$ -Benes network can be constructed recursively as follows:

You are given a set of pairs $(a, b)$ of computers to connect simultaneously (where $a$ is a computer in the bottom row and $b$ a computer in the top row) by means of wire-disjoint paths, and you are to find how to select the state of all switches so that this can be accomplished.

Input
The first line of each test case is an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 13$), meaning that you have $2^n$ pairs of computers to connect, as described above. A line with $n = 0$ marks the end of the input and should not be processed. Each line with $n > 0$ will be followed by another line containing $2^n$ integers. The $i$ -th integer ($0 \le i < 2^n$) will be the computer in the topmost row that the $i$ -th computer in the bottommost row needs to communicate with.

Output
The output for each case should have $2n-1$ lines, each containing a binary string of length $2^{n-1}$ indicating, for each switch, whether it must be turned on (1) or off (0). The input given will always have at least one solution. In the case of several solutions, return the lexicographically smallest one. That is, the string in the top row must be lexicographically smallest; in case of a tie, the string in the second row must be lexicographically smallest, and so on. Outputs for different test cases should be separated by a blank line.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes