A. Advance to Taoyuan Regional

In the last cycle, the domestic team selection process of ICPC Taoyuan Regional Contest chooses teams from preliminary contests according to the following categories.

The domestic team selection rule of ICPC Taoyuan Regional Contest has a major change in the 2023-2024 cycle. The organizer added a note, "If the list of selected teams cannot be submitted 35 days prior to the ICPC Taoyuan Regional Contest, the category will be subject to suspension for that particular year." This change was made to deal with the fact that some preliminaries were held to late. Typically, it takes about five weeks to complete the logistic operations of an ICPC regional contest. Therefore, all preliminaries were held before the end of Octobor, and the regional contests were held in November in the past few years.

The 2023 ICPC Taoyuan Regional Contest will be held from Octobor 21 to Octobor 23, 2023. Consequently, some categories will be suspended if the corresponding preliminaries are still held in late September or Octobor as usual. As the director of TOPC, you must be wise enough to choose a proper date to hold TOPC. If the categories related to TOPC are suspended, there will be much less domestic teams competing in the 2023 ICPC Taoyuan Regional Contest. A contest date is too late for TOPC if it is not at least 35 days prior to Octobor 21, 2023. Please write a program to determine whether a tentative contest date is too late for TOPC.

Input
The input contains a string in ISO 8601 format YYYY-MM-DD indicating the tentative contest date for TOPC. YYYY, MM, DD are the year, the month, the day of the tentative contest date for TOPC, respectively. YYYY is 2023. MM is from $1$ to $12$. DD is from $1$ to $28$.

Output
If the tentative contest date is too late, output " TOO LATE " without quotes. Otherwise, output " GOOD " without quote.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes