A. Christmas Ornaments

Monocarp decided to buy ball ornaments to decorate his Christmas tree. There are only three colors of ornaments in the shop nearby: red, yellow, and blue. Fortunately, there are infinitely many ornaments of each color.

One red ornament costs $r$ burles, one yellow ornament — $y$ burles, and one blue ornament — $b$ burles.

Monocarp has $n$ burles and would like to buy as many ornaments as possible. But he considers Christmas tree to be beautifully decorated only if the numbers of ornaments of each color differ by not more than one. More formally, if Monocarp will buy $cnt_r$ red ornaments, $cnt_y$ yellow ornaments, and $cnt_b$ blue ornaments then the following conditions should be fulfilled: $|cnt_r - cnt_y| \le 1$, $|cnt_r - cnt_b| \le 1$, $|cnt_y - cnt_b| \le 1$.

Calculate the maximum possible total number of ornaments Monocarp can buy in such a way that the numbers of ornaments of each color differ by not more than one.

Input
The first line contains one integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 1000$) — the amount of money Monokarp has. The second line contains one integer $r$ ($1 \le r \le n$) — the cost of one red ornament. The third line contains one integer $y$ ($1 \le y \le n$) — the cost of one yellow ornament. The fourth line contains one integer $b$ ($1 \le b \le n$) — the cost of one blue ornament.

Output
Print the maximum possible total number of ornaments Monocarp can buy in such a way that the numbers of ornaments of each color differ by not more than one.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes