K. Epilogue

Running away from Enia, Deimos left in the chambers of the palace his book «Introduction to Spells» written by some Xentaronian sorcerer called Samoht Nemroc. Desmond and Thorwald had read this book but hadn't understood nothing. But in the end of the book they found the list of most popular laugh-making spells and now each day they play a game «You laugh, you lose»: they read spells from the list, one spell after another, simultaneously, until one of them laughs. Who laughs first, loses the game.

There are total of n spells in the list, each of which is characterized by its influence to Desmond a i and influence to Thorwald b i. The friends play m days in a row. Each day they play one game, starting the list from the very beginning. At the j -th day seriousness of Desmond takes the value d j and seriousness of Thourwald takes the value t j. The hero laughs if and only if the influence of the current spell being read to him exceeds his seriousness.

For each day you have to determine the outcome of the game and to be glad of the good end of our story. Cause now the heroes can rejoice as much as they want, because evil dark magician Deimos will never return to Enia...   OR WILL HE?

Input
The first line contains the single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5) — the number of spells in the book. The second line contains n integers separated by the spaces: a i (0 ≤ a i ≤ 10 9) — the influence of the i -th spell to Desmond. The third line analogically contains n integers separated by the spaces: b i (0 ≤ b i ≤ 10 9) — the influence of the i -th spell to Thorwald. The fourth line contains a single integer m (1 ≤ m ≤ 10 5) — the number of days the game continued. The fifth line contains m integers separated by the spaces: d j (0 ≤ d j ≤ 10 9) — the seriousness of Desmond at the j -th day. The sixth line analogically contains m integers separated by the spaces: t j (0 ≤ t j ≤ 10 9) — the seriousness of Thorwald at the j -th day.

Output
Output m lines. In the j -th line output « Constantine » (without quotes) if at the j -th day Desmond wins, « Mike » (without quotes) if at the j -th day the winner is Thorwald, or « Draw » if the heroes at that day laugh simultaneously or don't laugh at all.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes