L. Puzzle: Sashigane

Given a grid with $n$ rows and $n$ columns, there is exactly one black cell in the grid and all other cells are white. Let $(i, j)$ be the cell on the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column, this black cell is located at $(b_i, b_j)$.

You need to cover all white cells with some L-shapes, so that each white cell is covered by exactly one L-shape and the only black cell is not covered by any L-shape. L-shapes must not exceed the boundary of the grid.

More formally, an L-shape in the grid is uniquely determined by four integers $(r, c, h, w)$, where $(r, c)$ determines the turning point of the L-shape, and $h$ and $w$ determine the direction and lengths of the two arms of the L-shape. The four integers must satisfy $1 \le r, c \le n$, $1 \le r + h \le n$, $1 \le c + w \le n$, $h \ne 0$, $w \ne 0$.

The following image illustrates some L-shapes.

Input
There is only one test case in each test file. The first line contains three integers $n$, $b_i$ and $b_j$ ($1 \le n \le 10^3$, $1 \le b_i, b_j \le n$) indicating the size of the grid and the position of the black cell.

Output
If a valid answer exists first output Yes in the first line, then in the second line output an integer $k$ ($0 \leq k \leq \frac{n^2-1}{3}$) indicating the number of L-shapes to cover white cells. Then output $k$ lines where the $i$ -th line contains four integers $r_i$, $c_i$, $h_i$, $w_i$ separated by a space indicating that the $i$ -th L-shape is uniquely determined by $(r_i, c_i, h_i, w_i)$. If there are multiple valid answers you can print any of them. If there is no valid answer, just output No in one line.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes