I. Problem on array

This is an interactive problem.

Professor R. has engaged in the study of arrays again. Today he came across an array consisting of $N$ numbers. A distinctive feature of this array is that it consists only of the numbers $0, 1, 2$. The professor decided to play the following game with his grandson. The grandson must sort the array by non-decreasing order; he can ask two types of questions:

However, the task turned out to be not so simple: the grandson can ask no more than $2N$ questions. Since the grandson knows how to sort arrays only by bubble sorting, he asks you to help him solve this problem by writing a program that sorts the array using these operations in no more than $2N$ queries.

At first, input number $N$ $(1 \le N \le 2 \cdot 10^5)$ in your program — amount elements in the array.

Then your program can make queries:

In any query, the numbers $i$ and $j$ must range from $1$ to $N$.

After sorting the array, you should output «Sorted!» to the output stream and terminate the program.

If your program makes more than $2N$ requests or sets an incorrect request (for example, requests an exchange of items whose numbers do not lie in the range from $1$ to $N$), it will receive any verdict other than «Accepted».

After each action of your program, output a newline character. After the output of another request, be sure to use the stream cleanup functions so that part of your output does not remain in some buffer. For example, in C++ it is necessary to use the function,«fflush(stdout)», in Java and Kotlin the call «System.out.flush()» and «stdout.flush()» for Python.

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 4.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes