F. Flappy Bird

Help the bird Faby to navigate through a sequence of $n$ pairs of pipes, by finding the shortest line he can fly on to reach his destination. For simplicity, we represent Faby as a single point in the plane and assume every pipe has width zero. This way, the gap between every pair of pipes can be represented as an interval on the $y$ axis. The bird starts out at $s = (x_s, y_s)$ and his goal is to reach $t = (x_t, y_t)$. Find the shortest line from $s$ to $t$, passing through all intervals in between in increasing order of their $x$ coordinates.

Input
The input consists of: One line with four integers $x_s, y_s, x_t$ and $y_t$ ($-10^9 \le x_s, y_s, x_t, y_t \le 10^9$), the start and end points. One line with an integer $n\ (0 \le n \le 10^6)$, the number of intervals. $n$ lines, the $i$ th of which contains three integer $x_i, y_{i,1}$ and $y_{i,2}$ ($-10^9 \le x_i, y_{i, 1}, y_{i, 2} \le 10^9$, $y_{i, 1} < y_{i, 2}$), the intervals. It can be assumed that $x_s < x_1 < \dots < x_n < x_t$.

Output
Output a sequence of $k$ $(2 \le k \le n+2$) points $p_1, \dots, p_k$, one per line, such that: All points have integer coordinates. $p_1 = s$ and $p_k = t$. Let $P$ be the path obtained by connecting $\overline{p_i p_{i+1}}$ for all $1 \le i < k$. Then: $P$ passes through all intervals in increasing order of their $x$ coordinates. The length of $P$ is minimal. If there are multiple valid solutions, you may output any one of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes