H. Guide Map

Byteland has $n$ cities, and there is a bidirectional road between any two cities. There are exactly $(n-2)$ roads with scenery, and if properly built scenery on one more road, one can always travel from one city to the others only through roads with scenery.

Little Q is initially located in the city $1$ with a guide map in his hand, showing some of the roads in Byteland, and starts his journey in Byteland. Assuming he is currently in the city $u$ :

Little Q wants to visit all the sceneries while traveling on no more than one different road without sceneries. You need to help him calculate how many different guide maps can satisfy his requirements. Two guide maps are considered different if and only if there is a road on one map that does not appear on the other.

Since the answer may be large, output it modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \times 10^5$), indicating the number of cities. Then $(n-2)$ lines follow, the $i$ -th of which contains two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$), indicating that the $i$ -th scenery is on the road between the $u$ -th and the $v$ -th cities. It is guaranteed that if properly built scenery on one more road, one can always travel from one city to the others only through roads with scenery.

Output
Output a line containing an integer, indicating the number of different guide maps modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes