N. Entomologist

A keen entomologist, Vasya studied an ant population in the neighboring forest. He discovered a huge anthill and, after spending a lot of time, determined that $k$ ants lived in it.

Due to the imposed quarantine, Vasya could not continue his field research. However, Vasya knows that there are $n$ anthills in total in the forest, which means that one may try to apply Zipf's law to estimate their size.

Zipf's law states: if $k$ insects live in the largest anthill, then in the second largest will be approximately half as many ($k / 2$), in the third three times less ($k / 3$), and in the $i$ -th largest will live $i$ times less than ($k / i$).

Vasya made a forecast – a series of integers $c_1, c_2,..., c_n$, where $c_i = k / i$, rounded to the nearest integer (according to mathematical rules, that is, numbers like $1.5, 2.5,... $ were rounded up).

Unfortunately, the ants living on the home ant farm did not appreciate the researcher's impulse and damaged his notes. The saddest thing is that the original number $k$ was also damaged. However, some of the $c_i$ numbers have been preserved. Help Vasya recover the lost data.

Write a program that uses the preserved records $c_i$ to find the minimum initial number $k$. If there are several such numbers, print the minimum of them.

Input
The first line of input data contains the single integer $n$ ($3 \leq n \leq 1\,000$) – the number of anthills in the forest. The second line contains $n$ entries separated by a space – the sequence $c_1, c_2,..., c_n$. If the entry $c_i$ is not affected by ants, then the integer $c_i = k / i$ ($0 \leq c_i \leq 2\,147\,483\,647$) is indicated there, rounded to the nearest integer. If the record is damaged, then a question mark is indicated «?». It is guaranteed that the numbers $c_i$ are not contradictory and the desired number $k$ exists. It is also guaranteed that sequence always starts with «?».

Output
In a single line, print an integer – the minimum value of $k$ from satisfying the conditions of the problem.

Constraints
time limit per test 0.25 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes