H. Delivery Route

Pony is the boss of a courier company. The company needs to deliver packages to $n$ offices numbered from $1$ to $n$. Especially, the $s$ -th office is the transfer station of the courier company.

There are $x$ ordinary two-way roads and $y$ one-way roads between these offices. The delivery vans will consume $c_i$ power if they pass through the $i$ -th road. In general, the power consumption on one road must be non-negative. However, thanks to the experimental charging rail, the consumption may be negative on some one-way roads.

Besides, Pony got the following public information. The relevant department promised that if there is a one-way street from $a_i$ to $b_i$, it is impossible to return from $b_i$ to $a_i$.

To avoid the delivery vans anchoring on the road, Xiaodao wants to find these lowest power consumptions from the transfer station to these offices.

Input
The first line contains four integers $n~(1 \le n \le 25000), x, y~(1 \le x, y \le 50000)$, and $s~(1 \le s \le n)$. This is followed by $x+y$ lines, each line of which contains three integer $a_i, b_i~(1 \le a_i, b_i \le n, a_i \neq b_i)$ and $c_i~(-10000 \le c_i \le 10000)$ describing the roads. The first $x$ given roads are ordinary two-way roads, and the last $y$ given roads are one-way roads.

Output
The output should contain $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line represents the minimum energy consumption from $s$ -th to the $i$ -th office if possible, or output " NO PATH " if it is impossible to reach the $i$ -th office.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes