G. Multiples of 5

Given a non-negative base- $11$ integer with a length less than $10^{14}$, determine if it is a multiple of $5$.

Due to the large input size, the input is given in the form of $n$ pairs $(a_i, b_i)$, where each pair $(a_i, b_i)$, represents $a_i$ consecutive digits all being $b_i$. Concatenating all pairs in order gives the input number.

Here we use the digits 0, 1, 2, $\dots$, 9 and the letter A to represent the base- $11$ numeral system.

For example, the input $(1, \texttt{1}),(4, \texttt{5}),(1, \texttt{4})$ represents the number $(155554)_{11}$. Specifically, the decimal number $110$ corresponds to the input $(1, \texttt{A}),(1, \texttt{0})$.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 10^3$), representing the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains a positive integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^5$). The next $n$ lines each contain a positive integer $a_i$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) and a character $b_i$ ($b_i \in \{\texttt{0},\texttt{1},\texttt{2},\dots,\texttt{9},\texttt{A}\}$) representing the $i$ -th pair. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all the test cases will not exceed $10^5$. Note that the data does NOT guarantee no leading zeros.

Output
Output $T$ lines, the $i$ -th line representing the answer for the $i$ -th test case. For each test case: Output "Yes" if the given base- $11$ number is a multiple of $5$, otherwise, output "No". Case insensitive, no quotes in the output.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes