D. Palindromic Distance

The edit distance between two strings $u$ and $v$ is the minimum number of edit operations that turns $u$ into $v$. There are three edit operations that can be applied to a string: Insert a character, delete a character, and substitute some character by a different one.

For example, we can turn hello into world with four substitutions, so the edit distance is at most $4$. You can turn wally into walter with two substitutions and one insertion, so the edit distance is at most $3$. Computing the edit distance between two strings is a well-known problem with many applications.

The task at hand is to compute the edit distance of a string to one of the closest palindromes. A palindrom is a string that is the same when read backwords, for example madam.

The edit distance of hello to the closest palindrome is only $2$: We can turn hello into ollo, or hllh, or elle with two edit operations.

Write a program that can find the distance of a word to a closest palindrome.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$. The description of the test cases follows. The only line of each test case contains a word $w$ consisting only of lowercase letters. $1\leq t\leq 200$ The word $w$ has length at least one. It is guaranteed that the sum of the lengths of the words $w$ over all test cases does not exceed $3000$.

Output
For each test case, output the edit distance of the input word $w$ to its closest palindrome.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes