F. audit

You are working as a quality control analyst at a precision manufacturing facility. Your job is to monitor the production line throughout your shift. Today, an internal audit is scheduled from the factory's management.

The production line generates $N$ measurements $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_N$ throughout your shift. The management will issue $Q$ requests. For each request, they give you a range and a number $k$, and you have to report the minimum, the maximum and the $k$-th smallest measurement in that range.

Your task is to answer all of their requests. Luckily, you know management well: they only ever choose ranges of two standard lengths, $L_1$ or $L_2$.

Input
The first line contains two integers $N$ ($4 \leq N \leq 10^5$) and $Q$ ($1 \leq Q \leq 10^5$) — the number of measurements and the number of requests respectively. The second line contains two integers $L_1$ ($3 \leq L_1 \leq N$) and $L_2$ ($3 \leq L_2 \leq N$) — the two standard lengths of the ranges. The third line contains $N$ space separated integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_N$ ($0 \leq a_i \leq 10^9$) — the measurements. Each of the next $Q$ lines contains three integers $l$ ($l \in {1, 2}$), $i$ ($1 \leq i \leq N-L_{l}+1$) and $k$ ($2 \leq k \leq L_{l}-1$) — whether the range length is $L_1$ or $L_2$, the starting index of the range, and the order-statistic the management is interested in, respectively.

Output
Output $Q$ lines. For each request, print three integers: the minimum, the $k$-th smallest, and the maximum measurement in the specified range.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes