G. Matematical Transformation

When Diego tells Osman a problem about maths, Osman always tries to turn it into a graph problem. This is because it is easier for him to think about graph problems.

On this occasion Diego asked Osman about the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture, this conjecture says that an elliptic curve (a type of cubic curve, or algebraic curve of order three, confined to a region known as a torus) has either an infinite number of rational points (solutions) or a finite number of rational points, according to whether an associated function is equal to zero or not equal to zero, respectively. In the following image we can see a related scientific diagram:

Quickly Osman turned this statement into a graph challenge. More specifically he thinks about an undirected graph rooted at node 1 in which every pair of nodes has a unique path. Each node will have a value associated, which initially is $0$. And he will have two types of queries he needs to perform to the tree.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 3 \times 10^5$) — The number of nodes in the tree. The following $n-1$ lines contains two integers $u$, $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$) that means there is an edge between nodes $u$ and $v$. The next line will contain integer $q$ ($1 \le q \le 3 \times 10^5$) — The number of queries to process. The following $q$ lines of input will describe the information of each query. The $i$ -th line starts with the type of query $type_i \in \{0, 1\}$, then the rest of the line goes as follows: if $type_i = 0$, it will be followed by two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$), meaning that you want to compute the sum of the values in the nodes in the path from $u$ to $v$ if $type_i = 1$, it will be followed by three integers $u$, $v$ and $k$ ($1 \le u \le n$, $1 \le v, k \le 5 \times 10^5$), meaning that you want to add $v + k\times d$ to each node in the subtree of $u$, where $d$ is the distance of each node to $u$.

Output
For each query of type $0$ print the corresponding answer. The answer for each query should be in a separate line.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes