E. Elena and Travel Pass

Elena the Ashen Witch has decided to spend some time in a magical country and is now searching for a place to stay. The country consists of $N$ cities, numbered from $1$ to $N$, connected by $M$ one-way streets. Since flying magic has been banned for intercity travel, Elena must rely on these streets to move from one city to another.

Each street is described by four integers $u$, $v$, $p$, and $h$ — meaning there is a road leading from city $u$ to city $v$ that requires a pass level of $p$ and takes $h$ hours to traverse. To use a street, Elena needs a travel pass. If she holds a pass of level $p$, she can use any streets that require a pass level less than or equal to $p$. There may be multiple streets from city $u$ to city $v$.

Elena has prepared $Q$ questions for her journey, each falling into one of the following two types:

Input
The first line contains three integers $N$, $M$, and $Q$ ($2 \le N \le 100$, $1 \le M \le 10^4$, $1 \le Q \le 10^5$) — the number of cities, the number of streets, and the number of queries, respectively. Each of the following $M$ lines contains four integers $u$, $v$, $p$, and $h$ ($1 \le u, v \le N$, $u \ne v$, $1 \le p \le 10^9$, $1 \le h \le 10^9$), indicating that there is a road from city $u$ to city $v$ that requires a pass level of $p$ and takes $h$ hours to travel. The next $Q$ lines describe the queries, each following one of the two formats below: Type 1: 1 u h ($1 \le u \le N$, $1 \le h \le 10^{12}$, $u$ and $h$ are integers) Type 2: 2 h ($1 \le h \le 10^{12}$, $h$ is integer)

Output
Output For each query $i$ ($1 \le i \le Q$), output the answer to the $i$ -th query. If the query is of Type 1, print a single integer — the minimum pass level required. If there is no valid answer, print -1. If the query is of Type 2, print two integers — the city and the minimum pass level required. If it is impossible, print -1 -1. If there is more than one city achieving the minimum pass level, print the one with the lowest number.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes