C. Chicken Jockey

Welcome to the world of Minecraft! Made completely out of cubes. In here you met Steve, the architect of this world. Right now Steve is busy building a railway and you have decided to help him, being the selfless and helpful programmer you always are.

In particular he wants to build the railway on a straight line of $N$ cubes. But here the terrain is very messy, so every cube in the line may have a different elevation. In particular the first cube will have an elevation of $a_1$, the second cube will have an elevation of $a_2$, etc... up to $a_N$ for the elevation of the $N$-th cube.

In this Minecraft world a railway is made out of multiple, not necessarily connected, tracks. A track expands over a contiguous set of cubes of size at least $2$. No cube can be in more than one track, meaning no tracks ever intersect.

Because Steve is a really lazy guy, he wants to make sure his railway is planned to perfection before starting. He asks you to help him calculate the number of ways the railway can be made, with the added condition that a track has to start and end at the same elevation, because "You can only find Diamonds at the right level".

Since Steve is a considerate person it's not necessary to cover the $N$ cubes with tracks for a valid railway configuration. You can also decide not to create any track at all.

Input
On the first line a number $N$ ($1 \leq N \leq 3 \times 10^6$) the length of the line where the railway will be. On the second line $N$ numbers $a_1,a_2,...a_N$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq 10^5$) describing the elevation of each block in the line.

Output
Just one number, the ways the railway can be set. As this number can be very big, print it modulo $998244353$

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes