F. to Pay Respects

You are playing a game, and you are going to fight the secret boss. In this game, the boss doesn't attack you, but they can cast regeneration spells.

The fight consists of exactly $N$ rounds, in each round the following actions can happen, in this order:

There are two types of passive effects: regeneration and poison. The effects stack, which means that the current state of the boss can be described with three integers: current health points ($hp$), current poison stacks ($p$) and current regeneration stacks ($r$). At the beginning of the fight, there are no poison stacks and no regeneration stacks ($p=r=0$). Each poison stack deals $P$ damage, each regeneration stack heals $R$ health points.

Spells have the following effects:

"Regeneration": increase the number of regenerations stacks $r$ by $1$.

"Poison": increase the number of poison stacks $p$ by $1$. If the number of regeneration stacks is strictly positive ($r > 0$), then decrease it by $1$.

After the round the $hp$ will decrease by $X + P \cdot p - R \cdot r$ (this value can be negative if the boss heals faster than you deal damage).

For each round you know if the boss will cast "Regeneration". You have enough mana to cast "Poison" $K$ times (you don't have to use all of your mana). What's the largest total damage you can deal to the boss, in other words, what is the maximum value of $hp_{start} - hp_{end}$ ? Assume that $hp_{start} = 10^{1000}$, so you can't actually kill the boss in $N$ rounds. Boss $hp$ can go higher than the initial value (see the third sample case).

Input
The first line of the input contains $5$ integers $N$, $X$, $R$, $P$, $K$ ($1 \le N, X, R, P \le 10^6$, $0 \le K \le N$). The second line of the input contains a binary string of length $N$. The $i$ -th character of this string is 1, if the boss casts "Regeneration" at the beginning of the $i$ -th round, and 0 otherwise.

Output
Output a single integer — the largest total damage you can deal during the fight.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes