I. Strange Mex

You are given a multiset of integers, which is initially empty. Then you need to process $q$ queries. With each query, you either add or remove a single integer in the multiset.

After each query you need to calculate the maximum possible mex of the multiset you can obtain, if you can apply the following operations. With a single operation, you can take an element $x$ that appears at least twice in the multiset, remove one of them and add either $x-1$ or $x+1$. These operations do not affect the multiset for the next query.

Mex stands for "minimum excluded": the mex of a multiset of numbers is equal to the smallest non-negative integer which is not present in the multiset. For example, $\text{mex}(\{0,1,1,2,4,4\})=3$. However, in this problem you can convert this multiset to $\{0,1,2,3,4,5\}$, in which case mex becomes $6$.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $q$ ($1 \leq q \leq 10^6$), the number of queries. The next $q$ lines describe the queries. The $i$ -th of them contains two integers $t_i$, $a_i$ ($1 \leq t_i \leq 2$, $0 \leq a_i \leq 10^6$): if $t_i=1$, you need to add $a_i$ to the multiset; if $t_i=2$, you need to remove one element $a_i$ from the multiset. It is guaranteed that for each removal query there will be at least one such integer in the multiset.

Output
After each query, output a single integer, the maximum possible mex of the multiset you can obtain using the given operations.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 s
memory limit per test 256 megabytes