F. Coupled Polygons

A nice polygon is defined as:

A nice polygon can be encoded by a string consisting of only four type of characters: N, E, W and S standing for North, East, West and South, respectively. The polygon can be reconstructed from the string by drawing the edge following the direction described, with each character represents exactly 1 unit long. For example, the following 2 polygons are encoded as EEEESSSSWWWNNESENNWWWN and NNNEEESSWNWSSW, respectively.

A nice polygon B is said to be a perfect match for a nice polygon A if:

For example, the light-colored polygon NNNEEESSWNWSSW is a perfect match for the dark-colored polygon EEEESSSSWWWNNESENNWWWN, illustrated as follows:

In contrary, the following two polygons (light and dark) cannot form a square with no holes inside, hence they cannot be a perfect match for each other.

The following two polygons are not a perfect match for each other either, as they cannot form a square without overlapping each other

In the following example, the two polygons form a perfect square but the light-colored polygon is not a perfect match for the dark-colored polygon, as the light-colored polygon is not the smallest one to form a square. The dark-colored polygon is, however, a perfect match for the light-colored polygon.

Given a nice polygon A, your task is to find a nice polygon B such that B is a perfect match for A.

Input
The input file consists of several datasets. The first line of the input file contains the number of datasets which is a positive integer and is not greater than 30. The following lines describe the datasets. Each dataset has one string representing the polygon A on a single line. The string consists of only N, E, W and S and contains at most 100, 000 characters.

Output
For each dataset, write on one line a string representing the nice polygon B that is a perfect match for A. If there are multiple answers, write out the one that come first lexicographically. If there is no solution, write out the string NONE on one line.

Constraints
time limit per test 9 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes