K. Kernel Of Love

Mr. Potato Head works on Unified Non-linear Algorithms about Love (UNAL). These algorithms are connected to a traditional machine learning branch called Kernel methods. Mr. Potato Head has discovered a Kernel function which measures the similarity of two persons and hence can predict the likelihood of them being a good couple. He has taken his discoveries one step forward, after running a Kernel algorithm over a vast database of Facebook profiles, he made some interesting (albeit scary) discoveries: every single human can be mapped bijectively to a Fibonacci number, which allowed him to derive a formula that tells if a couple will be happy for ever and ever.

The Fibonacci numbers are the sequence of numbers $\{F_k\}_{k=1}^\infty$ defined by the linear recurrence equation $$F_{k+2} = F_{k+1} + F_{k}$$ with $F_1 = F_2 = 1$.

A perfect couple is represented by two numbers $x$ and $y$ such that:

Mr. Potato Head is astonished with his discovery, he now wants to understand how many truly happy couples are there in the world. For a given $n$ he wants to know how many couples exist on the first $n$ human beings (i.e. the first $n$ Fibonacci numbers) such that all conditions above hold true.

Input
The first line of the input represents the number of test cases. Each case consists of a single integer $n$ $(1 \leq n \leq 10^5)$ per line.

Output
For each case print the number of perfect couples.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes