C. Stop the Castle 2

There are $n$ castles and $m$ obstacles on a chessboard with $10^9$ rows and $10^9$ columns. Each castle or obstacle occupies exactly one cell and all occupied cells are distinct. Two castles can attack each other, if they're on the same row or the same column, and there are no obstacles or other castles between them. More formally, let $(i, j)$ be the cell on the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column. Two castles positioned at $(i_1, j_1)$ and $(i_2, j_2)$ can attack each other, if one of the following conditions is true:

You have to remove $k$ obstacles from the chessboard, but you don't want too many castles to attack each other. Minimize the number of pairs of castles which can attack each other after removing exactly $k$ obstacles from the chessboard.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$, and $k$ ($1 \le n, m \le 10^5$, $1 \le k \le m$) indicating the number of castles, the number of obstacles, and the number of obstacles you have to remove. For the following $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains two integers $r_i$ and $c_i$ ($1 \le r_i, c_i \le 10^9$) indicating that the $i$ -th castle is located on the $r_i$ -th row and the $c_i$ -th column. For the following $m$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains two integers $r'_i$ and $c'_i$ ($1 \le r'_i, c'_i \le 10^9$) indicating that the $i$ -th obstacle is located on the $r'_i$ -th row and the $c'_i$ -th column. It's guaranteed that the occupied cells are distinct. It's also guaranteed that neither the sum of $n$ nor the sum of $m$ of all test cases will exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, first output one line containing one integer indicating the smallest number of pairs of castles which can attack each other after removing exactly $k$ obstacles. Then output another line containing $k$ distinct integers $b_1, b_2, \cdots, b_k$ ($1 \le b_i \le m$) separated by a space, indicating the indices of obstacles you want to remove. If there are multiple valid answers, you can output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes