E. Alley

Igor, Ira, and Veronica go for a walk outside every day. They especially like to walk along the alley near the house. Veronica especially likes to walk in a stroller and look at everything around her. It is important for Igor and Ira that Veronica walks as long as possible in the fresh air; that's why, when walking with a stroller, Igor and Ira prefer to go in the shade, which is made by the crowns of trees, so the sun shines less on Veronica.

One day Igor thought about a serious question, what is the area of the shade of the trees? Igor, Ira, and Veronica live in the Mathematicians' district; there are $n$ trees growing in the alley. All the trees are located on one straight line, and each $i$ -th tree is defined by a center coordinate $x_i$; also, every $i$ -th tree has a perfect shadow in the form of a circle with a radius $r_i$. It is reliably known that the distance between $i$ -th and $j$ -th trees is not less than the radiuses $r_i$ and $r_j$.

Help Igor determine the shadow area that all the trees leave.

Input
In the first line, there is a given integer $n$ $(1\leq n\leq 10^3)$ – the amount of trees. Then in each following line, there are given integers $x_i$, $r_i$ $(-10^3\leq x_i\leq 10^3, 1\leq r_i\leq 10^3)$ – coordinates of $i$ -th tree and radius of its shadow. It is guaranteed that all the trees have different coordinates. It is guaranteed that $|x_i-x_j|\geq max(r_i,r_j)$ is true for each $i$, $j$.

Output
Output the area of the shaded part of the alley with an accuracy of at least $4$ decimal places.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes