A. Did he drop any good loot?

Slava plays a very cool RPG. He has just cleaned up the dungeon, and n cool artifacts have been dropped down. He wants to sell them to gain as much profit as he can. Each artifact has its own price p i and weight w i. Slava cannot carry artifacts with the total weight greater than m, but it's possible to activate some of them. Being activated, the i -th artifact increases Slava's strength and adds additional weight d i to Slava's weight limit. Activated artifacts don't disappear, their price and weight don't change and they still can be sold. Slava can activate no more than 2 artifacts at the same time.

More formally, Slava wants to choose a set of artifacts with the greatest total price among all correct sets. The set of artifacts i 1, i 2,..., i k (k ≤ n) is called correct if w i 1 + w i 2 + ... + w i k ≤ m + s, where s is the additional weight limit gained from the actifacts activation: s = d j 1 + d j 2, if Slava activated artifacts j 1 and j 2 (j 1 ≠ j 2), s = d j — if he activated only artifact j, and s = 0, if he didn't activate any artifacts (j 1, j 2 and j must be contained in the set of chosen artifacts i 1, i 2,..., i k).

Input
The first line contains two space-separated integers n and m (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 4, 1 ≤ m ≤ 500) — the number of artifacts and the Slava's weight limit. Each of the next n lines contains three space-separated integers p i, w i and d i (1 ≤ p i ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ w i ≤ 100, 0 ≤ d i ≤ 100) — the price of the i -th artifact, its weight and the additional weight limit it gains at its activation.

Output
Write one integer — the maximum total price of the artifacts Slava can take with him.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes