E. Snakebird

Do you like puzzles, fruits and the notion of crossing a snake with a bird for no good reason? If the answer to at least one of those questions is yes, then Snakebird might be the game for you. Solve your way through this head-scratcher of a puzzle game and help the snakebirds sate their hunger.

The game starts with a board of M × N cells, at the beginning each cell is one of the following types.

On each move, you can select one of the snakebirds, and move it's head to one of the adjacent cells(four directions) to enter an empty/fruit cell. After each move, something magic is happening, your snakebirds are subject to gravity, which means all snakebirds without support start falling until they land on some obstacles(or other snakebirds with support) or dead. Falling on spike or falling out of the board causes dead. The shape of the snakebird doesn't change during the falling.

It's guaranteed that nothing is going to fall at the beginning.

To help Redbird, Greenbird and Bluebird win the game, you need to send all snakebirds to heaven alive. Find out the minimal number of moves needed.

Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T test cases follow. The first line of each test case contains 2 numbers M, N, the rows and columns of the board. The following M lines, each line contains N characters representing the board. 1 ≤ T ≤ 10. 1 ≤ N, M ≤ 20. The total number of fruits, snakebirds head/body on a board is at most 10. It's guaranteed that nothing is falling at the beginning.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing " Case #x: y " in the one line. x is the test case number (starting from 1) and y is the minimum moves needed to send all snakebirds to heaven. If it's impossible to do that, output -1 instead.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes