J. Dunno and the cubes

One day, Dunno came up with a new cube game – he lined up the cubes in a long line from left to right, and then removed pairs of adjacent cubes with a certain property. After removing a couple of cubes, the line on the right shifted to the left by two positions to fill the empty space. Dunno has exactly $n$ cubes, and each one is signed with a number from $1$ to $10^9$ (some cubes may be repeated).

Dunno experimented with various properties of pairs, but since he is currently studying the divisibility of numbers at school, he decided on the following rule: two adjacent cubes can be removed if the number on one cube is divisible by the number on the other cube (the order of the cubes in the pair is not important).

Unfortunately, with this formulation of the problem, a difficulty arises – not every line of cubes can be completely disassembled. Help Dunno – write a program that, given a preassembled line of cubes, will determine the minimum number of cubes that must be taken away so that the remaining cubes can be fully disassembled by removing pairs according to the rule used by Dunno.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 200$) – the number of cubes in the line. The second line contains $n$ numbers separated by spaces – numbers written on cubes in a line if read from left to right.

Output
The first line contains an integer $k$ ($0 \le k \le n$) – the number of cubes to be removed. If $k > 0$, then in the second line print the $k$ integers $a_i$ ($1 \le a_i \le n$), separated by spaces – the numbers of the cubes to be removed. The cubes are numbered from left to right, the leftmost one has the number 1. If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 0.5 seconds
memory limit per test 64 megabytes