F. Flowing Fountain

This is your time to shine! You are tasked with writing a program that simulates the process of pouring champagne into a given fountain. With this program, Bill can now pretend to pour certain amounts of champagne into different levels. If a bowl in some level is already filled up, then the champagne spills over to the first level below it with larger capacity. If the next larger level is also filled, the champagne spills over even further until eventually seeping into the ground, wasting the good champagne. Additionally, Bill also wants to know at some times during the simulation process how much champagne currently is in a certain level.

Input
The input consists of: One line with two integers $n$ and $q$ ($1\leq n, q \leq 3 \cdot 10^5$), the number of levels and the number of queries. One line with $n$ distinct integers $c$ ($1\leq c \leq 10^9$), the capacity of each level in litres. The levels are given in order from top to bottom. $q$ lines, each describing a query. The first symbol $t$ ($t \in \{\text{'\texttt{+}'}, \text{'\texttt{?}'}\}$) describes the type of the query. The format of the rest of the line depends on $t$: $t=$' + ': Two integers $\ell$ and $x$ follow ($1 \leq \ell \leq n$, $1 \leq x \leq 10^9$), the level into which Bill wants to pour $x$ litres of champagne. $t=$' ? ': One integer $\ell$ follows ($1 \leq \ell \leq n$), the level for which Bill requests the current amount of champagne in litres. It is guaranteed that there is at least one query of type ' ? '.

Output
For each query of type ' ? ', output the amount of champagne in the requested level in litres.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes