J. Jackdaws And Crows

A Clattering of Jackdaws by Dun.can on flickr, cc by

A comment chain is alternating if the scores $s_1, s_2, \ldots, s_n$ of the comments all are non-zero, and every pair of adjacent scores $s_i$, $s_{i+1}$ have opposite signs. In particular, a single comment with a non-zero score or even a comment chain without any comment is an alternating comment chain.

There are two operations Nick can do to make the comment chain alternating:

Nick can apply these operations in any order, any number of times. How fast can he make the comment chain alternating?

For example, consider Sample Input 1 below, where the scores in the comment chain are $8, 8, 2, -2$, and it takes Nick $10$ seconds to create an account and $50$ seconds to file a report for one comment. In this case it is optimal to first create $3$ fake accounts and use them to upvote the fourth comment and downvote the third, followed by reporting the first comment. This results in the scores $8, -1, 1$, which is an alternating chain. The time used for this is $80$ seconds.

Input
The input consists of: One line with three integers $n$, $c$, and $r$ ($1 \leq n \leq 5\cdot 10^5$, $1 \leq c,r \leq 10^9$), the number of comments in the chain, the time it takes to create a fake account and the time it takes to report one comment respectively. One line with $n$ integers $s_1, \ldots, s_n$ ($-10^9 \leq s_i \leq 10^9$ for all $i$), the current score of each comment in the chain.

Output
Output the smallest time to make the comment chain alternating by applying the operations above.

Constraints
time limit per test 6 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes