B. Fuel Consumption

Student Vasily bought a new car. Well, almost new. After all, is 10 years really an age for a good car?

After driving a bit, Vasily began to suspect that his car consumes somewhat more gasoline than stated in the specifications. To measure the consumption, he conducted the following experiment.

First, he filled the tank full, then drove $A$ kilometers in the city and $B$ kilometers on the highway, and filled the tank full again. At that time, $P$ liters of gasoline fit into the tank. Then he drove $C$ kilometers in the city and $D$ kilometers on the highway and filled the tank full again. At that time, $Q$ liters of gasoline fit into it.

Determine the fuel consumption per 100 kilometers in the city and on the highway.

Input
The first line contains three integers $A$, $B$, $P$ ($0 \le A, B \le 1000$, $100 \le A + B \le 1000$, $5 \le P \le 100$). The second line contains three integers $C$, $D$, $Q$ ($0 \le C, D \le 1000$, $100 \le C + D \le 1000$, $5 \le Q \le 100$).

Output
If the input data allows for a unique answer, and both numbers in the answer are positive, then output the word "Success" on the first line, and on the second line output two real numbers — how many liters of gasoline the car will consume when driving 100 kilometers in the city and when driving 100 kilometers on the highway. The absolute or relative error must not exceed $10^{-1}$. If the input data is contradictory, then output "Contradiction". If the input data is consistent, the answer is unique, but at least one of the numbers in the answer is not positive, then output "Not positive". If the input data is consistent but does not allow for a unique answer, then output "Ambiguity".

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes