M. Beautiful hockey

Programmer Vasya loves hockey and is a fan of the best club in the world "200 OK". In hockey, Vasya likes two things: the victory of his favorite team and a beautiful score on the scoreboard. At the same time, Vasya understands the beauty of a score in a peculiar way. So, he calls a game beautiful if each period ends with a beautiful result.

It should be stated, that a hockey match consists of three periods, and the result of each period is recorded with a pair of non-negative integers. For example, the results of a match might look like this: $(3:0)$, $(1:3)$, $(1:1)$. Such a record means that in the first period, the first team scored three goals, the second — $0$; in the second period, the first scored $1$ goal, the second — $3$; finally, in the third period, both teams scored one goal each. In such game, the first team won with a score of $5:4$.

Vasya, enchanted by the binary code, considers the game to be beautiful if each period ends with one of the following results: $(0:0)$, $(0:1)$, $(1:0)$, $(1:1)$. Vasya is an experienced fan. He realized long ago that there are exactly $22$ different beautiful games in which the first team wins (two games are considered different if they differ in the result of at least one period). However, this is only valid for a $3$ -period match.

Now Vasya is going to the ice arena for the next match. He is trying to count - how many different, consisting of $n$ periods, beautiful games, in which the first team wins, are there in total? Help Vasya find a solution before the match starts.

Input
The only line contains number $n$ — the number of periods in the game $(1 \leq n \leq 50000)$.

Output
In a single line, calculate the remainder of dividing the desired number of games by $10^9+7$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes