I. Problem 3n+1

In 1932, Lothar Collatz formulated a seemingly simple problem that has not been solved yet. Suppose we have some number $ n $, then if it is even, we divide it by $2$, and if it is odd - multiply it by $3$ and add one. Let's call this transformation a Collatz step. The hypothesis, which has not been proven, states that after a certain number of steps, any integer turns into one. For all numbers up to $ 10^{22} $, it is proved to be true.

Denote by $ t(n) $ the number of steps necessary for the number $ n $ to turn into one, and write down the consecutive values $ t(1), t(2), t(3), \dots $ : $ 0, 1, 7, 2, 5, 8, 16, 3, 19, 6, 14, 9, 9, 17, 17, 4, 12, 20, 20, \dots $

Analyzing the given sequence, you can find that it very often contains pairs of identical values, so that $ t(i) = t(i + 1) $. According to some estimates, up to half of the sequence elements form such pairs. There are also longer segments of repeating values, for example, the first triple occurs already at $28$ -th place $ t(28) = t(29) = t(30) = 18 $.

Write a program that, on an interval of length $ w $, starting with the element $ s $, finds the longest segment of the same values $ t() $. If there are several such segments, then you need to find the leftmost of them (with the minimum first element). Elements falling outside the range $ [s, s + w - 1] $ are not taken into account.

Input
A single line contains two integers $ s $ ($ 1 \leq s \leq 10^{10} $) and $ w $ ($ 1 \leq w \leq 10^6 $) separated by a space.

Output
In a single line print two integers separated by a space: $ l $ is the length of the segment, $ x $ is its beginning. The segment $ [x, x + l - 1] $ must belong entirely to the interval $ [s, s + w - 1] $.

Constraints
time limit per test 2.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes