A. Xu Xiake in Henan Province

Shaolin Monastery, also known as the Shaolin Temple, is a Chan ("Zen") Buddhist temple in Dengfeng County, Henan Province. Believed to have been founded in the $5$ -th century CE, the Shaolin Temple is the main temple of the Shaolin school of Buddhism to this day.

Longmen Grottoes, are some of the finest examples of Chinese Buddhist art. Housing tens of thousands of statues of Buddha and his disciples, they are located $12$ kilometres ($7.5$ mi) south of present-day Luoyang in Henan province.

White Horse Temple is, according to tradition, the first Buddhist temple in China, established in $68$ AD under the patronage of Emperor Ming in the Eastern Han dynasty capital Luoyang.

The Yuntai Mountain is situated in Xiuwu County, Jiaozuo, Henan Province. The Yuntai Geo Park scenic area is classified as an AAAAA scenic area by the China National Tourism Administration. Situated within Yuntai Geo Park, with a fall of 314 metres, Yuntai Waterfall is claimed as the tallest waterfall in China.

They are the most famous local attractions in Henan Province.

Now it's time to estimate the level of some travellers. All travellers can be classified based on the number of scenic spots that have been visited by each of them.

Please identify the level of a traveller.

Input
The input contains several test cases, and the first line contains a positive integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases which is up to $10^4$. For each test case, the only one line contains four integers $A_1$, $A_2$, $A_3$ and $A_4$, where $A_i$ is the number of times that the traveller has visited the $i$ -th scenic spot, and $0 \leq A_1, A_2, A_3, A_4 \leq 100$. If $A_i$ is zero, it means that the traveller has never been visiting the $i$ -th spot.

Output
For each test case, output a line containing one string denoting the classification of the traveller which should be one of the strings " Typically Otaku ", " Eye-opener ", " Young Traveller ", " Excellent Traveller " and " Contemporary Xu Xiake " (without quotes).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes