H. The magical forest of Seih Sou

Seih Sou forest consists of $N$ enchanted trees, numbered from $1$ to $N$. The trees are interconnected by magical roots, forming paths that allow magic to flow between connected trees. A subset $S$ of the trees are considered to be the source of magic in the forest. If the subset $S$ becomes disconnected from other trees, these trees stop being magical.

One day, a series of $Q$ trees start withering, one after the other. Each time a tree withers, it loses its magical properties and disconnects from the forest network, sometimes causing even more trees to lose their magical properties. The Seih Sou elves, habitats of the forest, need to know the number of trees that stop being magical after a tree in the series withers.

Input
The first line contains three space-seperated integers $N$, $M$, $C$ representing the number of trees, the number of tree-connections and cardinality of $S$ respectively. The next line contains $C$ space-separated integers describing the elements of $S$. Each one of the next $M$ lines that follow contains two integers $U_i$, $V_i$ describing that trees $U_i$ and $V_i$ are interconnected by magical roots. The next line contains an integer $Q$ describing the number of withering trees. Each one of the next $Q$ lines that follow contains an integer $T_i$ describing the $i$ -th withering tree.

Output
The output should contain $Q$ lines with one integer $a_i$ : the number of trees that stopped being magical after the withering of tree $T_i$.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes