J. Prime Guess II

MCPlayer542 had a hard time trying to prepare a mysterious prime number.

He then invented a genius stupid way to do it, and named it "prime score".

He prepared $n$ different numbers $a_1,\ a_2,\ \ldots,\ a_n$ as tests, and defined the "prime score" $score(x,l,r)$ as follows:

$$score(x,l,r)=\sum_{i=l}^r{f(x,a_i)}$$ where $$f(x,y)=\left\{\begin{array}{rcl}u-y, & x=1 \\ u, & 1<x\le y,\ \gcd(x,y)=1 \\ -x\cdot y, & x\neq 1,\ \gcd(x,y)=x \\ 0, & \text{otherwise}. \end{array}\right.$$

It can be seen that the "prime score" of a prime number is usually higher but it still doesn't help.

So MCPlayer542 is angry, now his only plan is to run a brute-force on the test and get a sum of score $\sum_{i=1}^{10^6}{score(i,l,r)}$. He will test $q$ times, given $u$ and $l$ for each test, where $u$ is an argument to the function $f(x,y)$.

For each query, he wants to know the maximum sum of score that can be obtained and the minimum $r$ to get the maximum sum of score.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n,\ q$ ($1\le n,\ q\le 5\times 10^5$) — the number of tests and the number of queries, separated by a single space. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1,\ a_2,\ \ldots,\ a_n$ ($1\le a_i\le 10^6$) — the value of each test, separated by single spaces. Each of the following $q$ lines contains two integers $u_i,\ l_i$ ($1\le u_i \le 1.8\times 10^7,\ 1\le l_i\le n$), separated by a single space, denotes a query.

Output
For every query, output two integers separated by a single space — the maximum sum of score and the minimum $r_i$ ($l_i\le r_i\le n$) to get the maximum sum of score.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes