E. Visualize This

Aidar, Begimai, and Viktor wrote their first segment tree to solve a complex problem.

However, a problem arose — their tree was producing incorrect answers even for the test cases provided in the problem statement.

First of all, the guys assumed that they had incorrectly matched the semi-intervals of the array to the nodes. Viktor suggested that they should output all the nodes and their semi-intervals in order.

Begimai noted that simple line-by-line output would not significantly speed up the process — they needed to visualize the entire tree!

Attention : This problem uses certain rules for constructing a segment tree — familiarize yourself with them in the notes of the problem.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ $(1 \le n \le 10^4)$ — the size of the array.

Output
The tree must be visualized layer by layer, with each layer corresponding to one line. The root of the tree is visualized in the first line. Child nodes are placed one line below their parent node. Each node is visualized as follows: The semi-interval of the node is described in the format $[L;R)$. In case $L + 1 < R$, strictly under the symbol "; " down to the very last line, there should be " | " symbols representing the separator between the left and right subtrees. There must be a minimally possible number of spaces (at least one) between the line describing the node itself and any separator on the same line. At least one output line must not start with a space. The last character of each line must not be a space. Refer to the test examples for clarification on the details.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes