D. Delay Time

Petr and Egor are measuring the gravitational acceleration g on their physics lessons using a special device. An electromagnetic trap holding a metal ball is installed on an arbitrary positive height chosen by the user. As soon as the button is pressed, the timer starts, the electromagnet turns off and the released ball falls on a table. The timer stops immediately when the ball touches the table.

Petr has set the height to h 1 meters and got t 1 seconds on the timer as a result of the experiment. In his turn Egor changed the height to h 2 meters and got t 2 seconds shown on the timer. While calculating the value of g they surprisingly got significantly different results, and asked a teacher to clarify the nature of this inconsistency.

As it often happens with this sort of "mystery", the solution was simple: there was a constant delay of d seconds between the start of the timer and the moment the ball actually starts to fall, caused by the time needed for the electromagnet to lose its grip on the ball. They quickly managed to determine this value from the given information and calculate the correct g. Can you manage to do this in five hours?

Assume that the gravitational acceleration and the delay time are the same in both experiments. Air friction and other effects are considered negligible for the purpose of this experiment.

When the ball with zero initial speed starts to fall affected only by the gravitational acceleration g, the distance it travels in t seconds is given by a well-known formula:

Input
The first line of the input contains real values h 1 and t 1 — the height selected by Petr, in meters, and the time value he has measured, in seconds (0 < h 1, t 1 ≤ 10). The second line contains real values h 2 and t 2 — the values of height in meters and time in seconds for Egor's experiment (0 < h 2, t 2 ≤ 10, h 1 ≠ h 2). All values in the input are given with no more than three digits after the decimal point. It is guaranteed that input data is consistent, that means that positive real g and d were used to generate the input.

Output
Output the value of electromagnet delay d in seconds. Your answer will be considered correct if its absolute or relative error doesn't exceed 10 - 4. Formally, if your answer is a and the jury's answer is b, the checker will accept your answer if.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes