E. Min-hashing

Consider an undirected simple graph $G = (V, E)$. The problem of finding a node with similar connectivity is a well-researched topic, because it acts as a good metric to determine which nodes are relevant to other nodes. Services such as "friend recommendation" in Facebook is a good example of its applications. To formalize the notion of similarity, the concept of Jaccard similarity can be used, which is defined as $|N(v_1) \cap N(v_2)| / |N(v_1) \cup N(v_2)|$, where $N(v) = \{u | (u, v) \in E\}$.

Here, we will instead discuss the min-hashing method. Assume each node $v$ has the label $l_v$. The shingle value $s_v$ of node $v$ is defined as $s_v = \min \{l_u | u \in N(v) \}$. This method is efficient enough to keep up with industrial needs, and it is also a great metric for similarity: the Jaccard similarity between the set of neighbors $N(v_1)$ and $N(v_2)$ is an unbiased estimator of the probability that nodes $v_1$ and $v_2$ have the same shingle values, for random unique labels.

Let's think about a variant of min-hashing: we repeatedly perform min-hashing by taking the label as the previous iteration's shingle value. In this variant, for each node $v$ and the number of iterations $k$, the value $h^{(k)}_v$ is defined as

$$ h^{(k)}_v = \begin{cases} s_v, & \text{if $k = 1$}\\ \min \{h^{(k-1)}_u | u \in N(v) \}, & \text{if $k \geq 2$} \\ \end{cases} $$

For each $k$, let $c_k$ be the number of unordered pairs of distinct vertices $\{u, v\}$ such that $h^{(k)}_u = h^{(k)}_v$. Then, how does the value $c_k$ change as $k$ increases? In this problem, your task is to compute $\max_{k \in \mathbb{N}} c_k$.

Input
The first line contains two positive integers $n$ and $m$ $(1 \leq n \leq 100\,000, 1 \leq m \leq 250\,000)$ representing the number of nodes and the number of edges, respectively. The nodes are numbered from $1$ to $n$. Note that these are not the labels of the nodes. The second line contains $n$ integers comprising a permutation of the first $n$ positive integers, where the $i$ -th number in the line represents the initial label of node $i$. Each of the next $m$ lines contains two integers. The $i$ -th of these lines contains two distinct integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ $(1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq n)$, which means $\{u_i, v_i\} \in E$. The input will be set in a way such that there are no self-loops, parallel edges, or nodes with a degree of zero.

Output
Print the maximum value of $c_k$ over all positive integers $k$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes