H. Wings of Crystals

Everyone is aware that Flandre has wings adorned with crystals. However, it is less commonly known that her wings are actually made by herself.

Flandre has been given a tree composed of $n$ crystals interconnected by $n-1$ edges. This arrangement ensures that each crystal is directly or indirectly connected to others. The beauty value of the $i$ -th crystal is denoted as $a_i$.

A "wing" is defined as a sequence of arbitrary length with non-repeating elements $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_k$ ($1 \le b_i \le n$) such that for every integer $1 \leq i \lt k$, the $b_i$ -th crystal and the $b_{i+1}$ -th crystal is connected by a single edge within the tree. The beauty value of a wing is calculated as the square of the sum of the beauty values of all included crystals, expressed mathematically as $\left(\sum\limits_{i=1}^k a_{b_i}\right)^2$.

Flandre wants to craft some wings from the crystals in this tree, such that each crystal is contained by no more than one wing. Help her determine the maximum possible sum of the beauty values for the wings she can create.

Input
The first line contains one integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \times 10^5$). The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i \le 5000$). Each of the following $n-1$ lines contains two integers $u, v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$), denoting an edge connecting the $u$ -th and the $v$ -th crystal in the tree. It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree.

Output
Output a single integer, the maximum possible sum of beauty values for the wings.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes