G. Chat Ban

You are a usual chat user on the most famous streaming platform. Of course, there are some moments when you just want to chill and spam something.

More precisely, you want to spam the emote triangle of size $k$. It consists of $2k-1$ messages. The first message consists of one emote, the second one — of two emotes,..., the $k$ -th one — of $k$ emotes, the $k+1$ -th one — of $k-1$ emotes,..., and the last one — of one emote.

For example, the emote triangle for $k=3$ consists of $5$ messages:

Of course, most of the channels have auto moderation. Auto moderator of the current chat will ban you right after you spam at least $x$ emotes in succession (you can assume you are the only user in the chat). Now you are interested — how many messages will you write before getting banned? Or maybe you will not get banned at all (i.e. will write all $2k-1$ messages and complete your emote triangle successfully)? Note that if you get banned as a result of writing a message, this message is counted.

You have to answer $t$ independent test cases.

Input
The first line of the input contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The next $t$ lines describe test cases. The $i$ -th test case is given as two space-separated integers $k$ and $x$ ($1 \le k \le 10^9; 1 \le x \le 10^{18}$).

Output
For the $i$ -th test case, print the number of messages you will write before getting banned for the corresponding values $k$ and $x$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes