G. Gamer's Karma Farming Strat

After spending a long time collecting data and training his AI, Daeng confidently predicts that his mom will assign him $N$ household tasks to complete during the day.

Task $i$ is scheduled to take place during a specific time interval, starting at second $l_i$ and ending at second $r_i$ (inclusive). The task also has a karma value $k_i$. It is guaranteed that no two task intervals overlap with each other.

At the start of the day, Daeng's karma score is $0$. When the clock reaches the start time $l_i$ of a task, Daeng must make a choice:

In addition to household tasks, Daeng wants to enjoy his favorite game as many times as possible throughout the day. Each game session lasts exactly $M$ seconds. While Daeng is playing, he cannot work on tasks and must be continuous once started. Also, he can only have one gaming session at a time.

Time during the day is measured from second $0$ up to second $86{,}399$, making exactly one full day. Since each task interval includes both its starting and ending seconds, if a task ends at time $r$, Daeng is free to begin another activity at time $r+1$. For example, if a game begins at second $0$, it will finish at second $M-1$.

Find the maximum number of game sessions Daeng can have on the day.

Input
The first line contains two integers $N$ and $M$ ($1 \leq N \leq 10{,}000$, $1 \leq M \leq 86{,}400$) — the number of tasks and the duration of one game session in seconds. Each of the next $N$ lines contains three integers $l_i,\; r_i,\; k_i$ ($0 \leq l_i \leq r_i < 86{,}400$, $1 \leq k_i \leq 20{,}000$) — the start time, end time, and karma value of the $i$-th task. It is guaranteed that no task intervals overlap. That is, for any integer $i$ and $j$ between $1$ to $N$, if $i \neq j$, then $min(r_i, r_j) < max(l_i, l_j)$. Also, $\sum_{i=1}^{N} k_i \leq 20{,}000$.

Output
Print a single integer — the maximum number of game sessions Daeng can play during the day without violating the rules.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes