I. The Secret

The random integer y is either zero or one, and the random integer x is between 1 and N. The value y is a secret. We are given an interval, and we need to hold at all times in order to guarantee the confidentiality of the secret. (I.e. we want that.)

The values and are known for all i between 1 and N. Unfortunately, the dependency between x and y means that someone who learns x might be able to compute good bounds on. Fortunately, the value of x is not yet known. Your goal is to censor the value of x such that nobody can learn too much about the value of y.

To censor x means to partition the set {1, 2, ..., N } into equivalence classes A 1, ..., A M such that, as soon as x is determined, only the index i of the unique equivalence class A i that contains x becomes known (instead of the precise value of x).

You therefore have to find a partition such that for all i between 1 and M, the confidentiality of the secret is maintained, i.e..

(Hint: Recall that, where means that both A and B are true, and.)

In case there are multiple solutions, compute an arbitrary solution that maximizes the number of equivalence classes that contain only a single element.

Input
The first line of the input contains two space-separated integers A and B such that a ·10 6 = A and b ·10 6 = B. The second line of the input contains the single integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 10 6). The i -th of the next N lines of the input contains integers X i and Y i such that and.

Output
If there is no solution, print the single integer - 1. Otherwise, the first line of the output should contain the size M of the partition. The i -th of the following M lines should contain an integer K i, the number of elements of the i -th equivalence class A i, followed by K i numbers, the elements of A i. You may print the equivalence classes and their elements in any order.

Constraints
time limit per test 6 seconds
memory limit per test 64 megabytes