J. Splitstream

A splitstream system is an acyclic network of nodes that processes finite sequences of numbers. There are two types of nodes (illustrated in Figure J.1):

The overall network has one input, which is the sequence of positive integers $1, 2, 3, \ldots, m$. Any output of any node can be queried. A query will seek to identify the $k^{th}$ number in the sequence of numbers for a given output and a given $k$. Your task is to implement such queries efficiently.

Input
The first line of input contains three integers $m$, $n$, and $q$, where $m$ ($1 \leq m \leq 10^9$) is the length of the input sequence, $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^4$) is the number of nodes, and $q$ ($1 \leq q \leq 10^3$) is the number of queries. The next $n$ lines describe the network, one node per line. A split node has the format $\texttt{S} \ x \ y \ z$, where $x$, $y$ and $z$ identify its input, first output and second output, respectively. A merge node has the format $\texttt{M} \ x \ y \ z$, where $x$, $y$ and $z$ identify its first input, second input and output, respectively. Identifiers $x$, $y$ and $z$ are distinct positive integers. The overall input is identified by $1$, and the remaining input/output identifiers form a consecutive sequence beginning at $2$. Every input identifier except $1$ appears as exactly one output. Every output identifier appears as the input of at most one node. Each of the next $q$ lines describes a query. Each query consists of two integers $x$ and $k$, where $x$ ($2 \leq x \leq 10^5$) is a valid output identifier and $k$ ($1 \leq k \leq 10^9$) is the index of the desired number in that sequence. Indexing in a sequence starts with $1$.

Output
For each query $x$ and $k$ output one line with the $k^{th}$ number in the output sequence identified by $x$, or $\texttt{none}$ if there is no element with that index number.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes