I. Dreamy Putata

Putata is dreaming that he got lost in a phantom grid world of size $n \times m$. The rows and columns of the grid are numbered from $0$ to $n - 1$ and $0$ to $m - 1$, respectively. Putata has no idea how to escape from the phantom world, so he decides to walk randomly. Assuming Putata is now at $(x, y)$, he will:

You need to perform $q$ operations. Each operation is one of the following:

Please write a program to answer his questions.

Input
The first line of the input contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($3 \leq n \leq 10^5$, $3 \leq m \leq 5$) denoting the size of the phantom grid world. In the next $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains $m$ integers $\ell(i - 1, 0), \ell(i - 1, 1), \ldots, \ell(i - 1, m - 1)$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$, $1 \leq \ell(\cdot, \cdot) \leq 100$). In the next $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains $m$ integers $r(i - 1, 0), r(i - 1, 1), \ldots, r(i - 1, m - 1)$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$, $1 \leq r(\cdot, \cdot) \leq 100$). In the next $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains $m$ integers $u(i - 1, 0), u(i - 1, 1), \ldots, u(i - 1, m - 1)$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$, $1 \leq u(\cdot, \cdot) \leq 100$). In the next $n$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains $m$ integers $d(i - 1, 0), d(i - 1, 1), \ldots, d(i - 1, m - 1)$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$, $1 \leq d(\cdot, \cdot) \leq 100$). It is guaranteed that $\ell(i, j) + r(i, j) + u(i, j) + d(i, j) = 100$ holds for all pairs of $(i, j)$ where $0 \leq i \lt n$ and $0 \leq j \lt m$. The next line contains a single integer $q$ ($1 \leq q \leq 3 \cdot 10^4$) denoting the number of operations. Each of the next $q$ lines describes an operation in the format described in the statement above.

Output
For each test query, print a single line containing an integer: the expected number of steps that Putata will take when he reaches the target position $(\mathit{tx}, \mathit{ty})$ for the first time. More precisely, assuming the reduced fraction of the answer is $\frac{p}{q}$, you should output the minimum non-negative integer $r$ such that $q \cdot r \equiv p \pmod{10^9 + 7}$. You may safely assume that such $r$ always exists in all test cases.

Constraints
time limit per test 6 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 mebibytes