D. Dolls

David has just obtained $n$ Russian nesting dolls of distinct sizes. He arranges these dolls in a row from left to right, where the $i$ -th position contains a doll of size $a_i$.

Let the size of the smallest doll in the $i$ -th position be $l_i$, and the size of the largest one be $r_i$. Dolls over two adjacent positions $i$ and $i+1$ can be merged if and only if $r_i < l_{i+1}$ or $r_{i+1} < l_i$. The new nesting doll will contain all the dolls from the original $i$ -th and $i+1$ -th positions and will be placed in the $i$ -th position. All dolls in positions greater than $i+1$ will shift left by one position to fill the gap.

For example, when $n=4, a=[2,1,4,3]$, David can:

How many merge operations at most can David perform under an optimal strategy?

Input
Each test file contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^5$), representing the number of nesting dolls. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq n$, $\forall i \neq j, a_i \neq a_j$), representing the initial sizes of the dolls in each position. For each test file, it is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer on a new line, representing the maximum number of merge operations that can be performed.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes