D. Demon on the Grid

In a vast and mysterious world lies an infinite two-dimensional grid. Each location in this grid is identified by integer coordinates $(x, y)$. You have been informed that a demon is hiding somewhere in this grid, and your mission is to find the exact position of the demon before it disappears forever.

You have received $n$ clues from ancient observers who tried to track the demon's movement. Each clue is described by three integers $(x_i, y_i, d_i)$, meaning that the demon is at a Cartesian distance of $\sqrt{d_i}$ from the point $(x_i, y_i)$. However, the demon is a master of illusions, so not all clues can be trusted. The demon has created shadow replicas of itself at certain locations, causing some clues to be either real or fake followed by these conditions: if a clue is real, the demon's actual position must exactly match the distance indicated by that clue's coordinates and distance value; if a clue is fake, the demon's position must not match that distance.

Unfortunately, you do not know which clues are real and which are fake. To ensure that the demon can be captured, you have to find the maximum number of real clues that allows you to locate the demon's position without needing to know in advance which clues are real.

Formally, let $c_i$ represent clue $(x_i,y_i,d_i)$. Suppose the demon is located at position $o = (o_x,o_y)$, the reality of a clue is defined as follows:

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ $(1 \leq n \leq 10^5)$ The next $n$ lines contain clues. Each contains three integers $x_i, y_i, d_i$ $(-10^5 \leq x_i, y_i \leq 10^5, 1 \leq d_i\leq 10^5)$ It is guaranteed that the demon's coordinates must be integers.

Output
If no solution exists, print -1. Otherwise, print two lines. On the first line, print the maximum number $k$ of real clues that satisfy the conditions. On the second line, print two space-separated integers representing the demon's position: $o_x$ and $o_y$.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes