A. Rainbow

Let $T = (V, E)$ be a tree with $n$ vertices and $n-1$ edges. Each edge of the tree can be assigned a colour from $\{0, 1, \dots, K-1\}$.

A simple path in a tree is called a $K$ -rainbow path if all edges along the path of length $K$ have distinct colours. An edge is said to be $K$ -rainbow-valid if it lies on at least one $K$ -rainbow path. A tree is called a $K$ -tree if every edge in the tree is $K$ -rainbow-valid.

Your task is to assign colours to the edges of a given tree to form a K-tree with the largest possible $K$. For each edge $e$, you must report its assigned colour $c(e) \in \{0, 1, \dots, K-1\}$ and the endpoints of a K-rainbow path that contains $e$.

All indices are zero-based. If multiple valid colourings or paths exist, any may be output.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $ n $ $(2 \leq n \leq 10^5)$. In the next $n - 1$ lines you are given the edges of the tree. In each of these lines you are given $u$ and $v$ $(0 \leq u, v \leq n - 1)$ describing an edge between nodes $u$ and $v$.

Output
Your output must consist of $n$ lines. In the first line print the maximum possible $K$. In the next $n - 1$ lines, each line should contain three integers: $c$, $u$ and $v$, where $0 \leq c \leq K - 1$ and $0 \leq u, v \leq n - 1$. These integers specify the colour $c$ of an edge and the path between $u$ and $v$. This path includes the edge $e$ and is a K-rainbow. The order of $u$ and $v$ does not matter. Edges must be printed in the order they were given in the input.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes