E. Final Rankings

The championship director Artem is constantly improving the testing system, making it more stable, efficient, and user-friendly.

This time, Artem has upgraded the team sorting system in the results table. To test his modification, Artem decided to run it on the results of one of the previous championships.

However, a problem arose — Artem only has the log of submissions, but he does not have the final ranking of the teams.

Help Artem — based on the available information about the teams' submissions, calculate the final results and their rankings.

Rules for Sorting Teams and Determining Rankings

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $p$ $(1 \le n \le 10^3; 1 \le p \le 20)$ — the number of teams and the number of problems in the competition. The second line contains an integer $q$ $(1 \le q \le 10^5)$ — the number of submission records in the log. In the $j$-th of the following $q$ lines, information about the $j$-th submission in the system is provided — four integers $M_j$, $ID_j$, $T_j$, and $V_j$ are given separated by spaces: $M_j$ $(1 \le M_j \le 300)$ — the minute at which the submission was made; $ID_j$ $(1 \le ID_j \le n)$ — the identifier of the team that made the submission; $T_j$ $(1 \le T_j \le p)$ — the problem number for which the submission was made; $V_j$ $(0 \le V_j \le 1)$ — the result of the submission testing ($1$ indicates success, $0$ indicates failure). It is guaranteed that the submissions in the log are ordered chronologically, i.e., $M_j \le M_{j + 1}$ for all $1 \le j \lt q$. This also means that even if $M_j = M_{j + 1}$, it should be considered that the $j$-th submission occurred before the $(j + 1)$-th.

Output
In the $i$-th of $n$ lines, output four integers $R_i$, $ID_i$, $S_i$, $X_i$ separated by spaces: $R_i$ $(1 \le R_i \le n)$ — the final rank of the team on the $i$-th line of the table; $ID_i$ $(1 \le ID_i \le n)$ — the identifier of the team; $S_i$ $(0 \le S_i \le p)$ — the number of problems solved by the team; $X_i$ $(0 \le X_i \le 10^9)$ — the total penalty time of the team.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes