H. Nested Loops

Begimai returned home after the competition — and she was greeted by her very happy younger sister Dinara.

Dinara said that she had been closely following the competition — and even came up with a way to solve a challenging problem!

The only thing Dinara was still unsure about was how efficient her proposed solution was. Therefore, Dinara prepared pseudocode of her solution for Begimai to evaluate.

Dinara's pseudocode consists of a combination of three types of operators:

Now Begimai must determine the total number of operations performed by this solution and draw a conclusion about its efficiency.

Begimai immediately saw that the final total number of operations was simply enormous — and to avoid upsetting her sister too much, she decided to tell her the remainder of this number when divided by $10^9 + 7$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ $(1 \le n \le 10^5)$ — the number of lines in the pseudocode of the solution. Each of the following $n$ lines contains one of three operators: A space-separated string for and an integer $k$ $(1 \le k \le 10^9)$ — the start of a loop with $k$ iterations; A string end — the end of the loop defined by the nearest unfinished for operator; A space-separated string calc and an integer $k$ $(1 \le k \le 10^9)$ — calculations performed in total over $k$ operations. It is guaranteed that each end operator corresponds to some for operator in one of the previous lines; each for operator has a corresponding end operator in one of the subsequent lines; each pair of for — end contains at least one nested operator.

Output
Let $T$ be the total number of operations performed by the described solution. In this case, output a single integer — the remainder of $T$ when divided by $10^9 + 7$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes