J. The Battle of Mages

Two mages play the game. Both of them has their own set of creatures. Each creature is characterized by the integer — its strength. At the beginning of the game each mage summons $k$ distinct random creatures from their set of creatures, and each subset of $k$ creatures can be summoned equally likely. The mage who has the greater sum of strengths of their creatures wins. If the sums of strength are equal, the process repeats. If every subset of creatures of both mages always has the same strength, the draw is declared.

It has turned out, that if $k=1$ or $k=3$, the first mage has strictly greater chances to win, and if $k=2$, the second mage has. You have to give an example of sets of creatures of the first and the second mages.

Input
This problem has only one test, and it is empty.

Output
In the first line output one integer $n_1$ ($3 \le n_1 \le 10$) — the number of creatures in the first mage's set. In the second line output $n_1$ integers $s_{1i}$ ($1 \le s_{1i} \le 10$) — the strengths of creatures of the first mage. In the third line output one integer $n_2$ ($3 \le n_2 \le 10$) — the number of creatures in the second mage's set. In the fourth line output $n_2$ integers $s_{2i}$ ($1 \le s_{2i} \le 10$) — the strengths of creatures of the second mage. If there are several possible answers, output any of them. It is guaranteed that the solution in the given constraints exists.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes