I. Mukjjippa

Two players A and B are playing a game called mukjjippa.

The game consists of several turns.

At the $i$ -th turn ($1 \le i \le n$):

Note that there is no attacker for the first turn.

If the game does not end until the beginning of the $(n+1)$ -th turn, nobody is a winner.

The probability distribution of each choice is given. All choices are independent.

Find the probability that A wins.

Scoring $1 \le n \le 2 \times 10^5$ $0 \le r_i, s_i, p_i \le 10^6$ ($1 \le i \le n$) $r_i+s_i+p_i>0$ ($1 \le i \le n$) $0 \le r_i', s_i', p_i' \le 10^6$ ($1 \le i \le n$) $r_i'+s_i'+p_i'>0$ ($1 \le i \le n$)

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$. The $i$ -th of the next $n$ lines contains three integers $r_i$, $s_i$, and $p_i$. This means that the probabilities that $X_i$ is $\mathrm R$, $\mathrm S$, and $\mathrm P$ are $\frac{r_i}{r_i+s_i+p_i}$, $\frac{s_i}{r_i+s_i+p_i}$, and $\frac{p_i}{r_i+s_i+p_i}$, respectively. The $i$ -th of the next $n$ lines contains three integers $r_i'$, $s_i'$, and $p_i'$. This means that the probabilities that $Y_i$ is $\mathrm R$, $\mathrm S$, and $\mathrm P$ are $\frac{r_i'}{r_i'+s_i'+p_i'}$, $\frac{s_i'}{r_i'+s_i'+p_i'}$, and $\frac{p_i'}{r_i'+s_i'+p_i'}$, respectively.

Output
Let $\frac{x}{y}$ be the probability that A wins, where $x$ and $y$ are coprime integers, and $x\ge0$ and $y>0$. Print the integer $z$ such that $yz \equiv x \pmod{998\,244\,353}$ and $0 \le z < 998\,244\,353$. It can be proved that such an integer $z$ always exists and is uniquely determined, under the constraints of this problem.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 mebibytes