J. Battleship

Petya and Vasya got bored of playing with pebbles, and they decided to invent their own game. The Battleship was taken as a basis and was improved.

The new game is played on a $ 1 \times n $ checkered field. The cells of the field are numbered from 1 to $ n $ from left to right.

Petya hides a single ship with a length of $ k $ decks on the field.

Vasya tries to find the ship by guessing the numbers $ t $ and telling them to Petya. In response to the reported number $ t $, Petya calculates the number $ r $ – how many times the ship would have been hit if the cells $ t, 2t, 3t,..., r \times t,... $ had been shot. The results of the attempts are recorded in the protocol. Vasya can make $ c $ attempts and wins if he accurately determines the position of Petya's ship.

Write a program that, according to the protocol of the game finds the position of the ship, if such a position exists.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $k$ ($1 \lt n \leq 1000, 0 \lt k \lt n$) and $c$ ($0\leq c \leq 100$). This is followed by $c$ lines containing pairs of numbers $t_i$ (step of the $i$ th attempt, $0 \lt t_i \lt n$) and $r_i$ (result of the $i$ th attempt, $0\leq r_i \leq k$).

Output
In a single line, print a number – the position of the ship, given by the number of its leftmost cell. If the position does not exist, print -1. If there are several valid positions, then print the leftmost one.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes