G. Couleur

DreamGrid has an array of n integers. On this array he can perform the following operation: choose an element that was not previously chosen and mark it as unavailable. DreamGrid would like to perform exactly n operations until all the elements are marked.

DreamGrid defines the cost of a subarray as the number of inversions in the subarray. Before performing an operation, DreamGrid would like to know the maximum cost of a subarray that doesn't contain any unavailable elements.

Recall that a subarray a l, a l + 1, ..., a r - 1, a r is a contiguous subpart of the original array where 1 ≤ l ≤ r ≤ n. An inversion in a subarray a l, a l + 1, ..., a r - 1, a r is a pair of indices (i, j) (l ≤ i < j ≤ r) such that the inequality a i > a j holds.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of input contains an integer T, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5) – the length of the array. The second line contains the n values of the array a 1, a 2, ..., a n (1 ≤ a i ≤ n). The third line contains a permutation p 1, p 2, ..., p n, representing the indices of the elements chosen for the operations in order. Note that the permutation is encrypted and you can get the real permutation using the following method: Let z i be the answer before the i -th operation. The actual index of the i -th operation is where is bitwise exclusive or operator. It is guaranteed that the sum of all n does not exceed 10 6.

Output
For each test case, output n integers z 1, z 2, ..., z n in a single line seperated by one space, where z i is the answer before the i -th operation. Please, DO NOT output extra spaces at the end of each line, or your answer may be considered incorrect!

Constraints
time limit per test 6 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes