L. The Charioteer

As you are studying ancient greek mythology, you stumble upon the legend of Phaethon, son of Helios. After being recognized by Helios as his son, he asks him to drive his chariot. Despite the warnings of Helios that only he can control the horses, Helios obliges, giving Phaethon the control of the chariot.

Tragically, Phaethon loses control of the chariot, which gets too close to the Earth and burns it.

However, you wonder if maybe the story could have ended differently. If Phaethon reaches the temple of Helios, then the chariot can be stopped by Helios himself. For that, you create a model that fits the story.

Greece can be represented as a 2D infinite grid, with Phaethon and its chariot starting at coordinate $(0,0)$, facing the Ox axis in the direction of increasing X. The temple of Helios is placed in an unknown position $(X,Y)$ on this 2D grid. Initially, the velocity V of the chariot is 1.

At each timestep, the following happens in order:

The Manhattan distance between $(X1,Y1)$ and $(X2,Y2)$ is $|X1-X2|+|Y1-Y2|$.

If the velocity ever reaches $2 \times 10^4$, the chariot gets uncontrolled and too close to the earth. If at the end of a step, the chariot is in $(X, Y)$, the chariot is stopped.

Input and Output

This is an interactive problem. As such, no initial input is provided in this problem, and you get to ask a question first.

At each step, you must print a line to act on the direction of the chariot. This line must follow the description "? c" followed by a newline, where c is either L to rotate counterclockwise, R to rotate clockwise, or F to keep the direction unchanged. If it does not respect this format, you will receive a WRONG-ANSWER verdict.

After sending a line, you must always flush the output. Otherwise, you will get the verdict TIMELIMIT.

The oracle then prints a single integer, that you can read on the standard input, denoting the Manhattan distance between your new position (after moving V units in the specified direction) and the temple. V is increased after updating your position.

If this distance is $0$, it means you arrived to the temple of Helios and thus should stop interaction immediately (exiting your program), receiving an ACCEPTED verdict.

Notice that you must be in the temple after your move, just flying above the temple with the chariot does not count.

If your velocity ever reaches $2 \times 10^4$, you will receive the verdict WRONG-ANSWER.

Limits

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 2048 MB