A. Arrow a Row

Define an "arrow string" as a string that meets the following conditions:

For example, > - - > > > and > - - - > > > are valid arrow strings, while > - > > and > - > - > > > are not.

Sauden gives you a string $s$ of length $n$, consisting of > and -. You need to create $s$ by performing a series of painting operations on a string of the same length $n$ that consists entirely of *. In one painting operation, you can choose a substring of length at least $5$ and transform it into an arrow string. The total number of operations you perform cannot exceed $n$.

If it is impossible to obtain the string $s$ using no more than $n$ painting operations, output $\texttt{No}$. Otherwise, output $\texttt{Yes}$ and provide the details of the painting operations. If there are multiple solutions, output any.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $T$ ($1\le T\le 10^4$), indicating the number of test cases. Each test case contains a string $s$ of length $n$ ($5 \le n \le 10^5$) in a single line, consisting only of > and -. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, if the given string cannot be obtained by performing no more than $n$ painting operations, output $\texttt{No}$ in a single line. Otherwise, output $\texttt{Yes}$ and a positive integer $m$ ($1 \le m \le n$), which denotes the number of painting operations to perform. Then output $m$ lines, each contains two integers $p$ ($1\le p\le n-4$) and $l$ ($5\le l\le n+1-p$), indicating the starting position of the selected substring and its length.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes