K. Traveling Merchant

Mr. Lawrence is a traveling merchant who travels between cities and resells products. Basically, to earn from it, he needs to buy products at a very low price and sell them at a higher price. Your task is to tell him whether there exists an endless traveling path that can earn money all the time.

To make things simple, suppose there are $n$ cities named from $0$ to $n-1$ and $m$ undirected roads each of which connecting two cities. Mr. Lawrence can travel between cities along the roads. Initially he is located at city $0$ and each of the city $i$ has a starting price $c_i$, either $\text{Low}$ or $\text{High}$. Due to the law of markets, the price status at city $i$ will change (i.e. $\text{High}$ price will become $\text{Low}$ price, or vice versa) after he departs for a neighboring city $j$ from $i$. (City $j$ is a neighboring city of city $i$ when one of the $m$ roads connects city $i$ and city $j$.) For some reasons (e.g. product freshness, traveling fee, tax), he must :

An endless earning path is defined as a path consisting of an endless sequence of cities $p_0, p_1,...$ where city $p_i$ and city $p_{i+1}$ has a road, $p_0=0$, and the price alternates, in other words $c_{p_{2k}}=\text{Low}$ (indicates a buy-in) and $c_{p_{2k+1}}=\text{High}$ (indicates a sell-out) for $k\geq0$. Please note here $c_{p_i}$ is the price when arriving city $p_i$ and this value may be different when he arrives the second time.

Your task is to determine whether there exists any such path.

Input
There are several test cases. The first line contains a positive integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. Each test case begins with two positive integers $n$ and $m$ indicating the number of cities and the number of roads. The next line is a string $c$ of length $n$ containing 'H' or 'L'. The $i$ -th ($0\le i<n$) charactor of $c$ is $H$ if the starting price $c_i$ at city $i$ is $\text{High}$. The $i$ -th ($0\le i<n$) charactor of $c$ is $L$ if the starting price $c_i$ at city $i$ is $\text{Low}$. The $i$ -th line ($1\le i\le m$) of the following $m$ lines contains two different cities $u_i$ and $v_i$, indicating a road between $u_i$ and $v_i$. The sum of the values of $n$ over all test cases is no more than $200,000$. The sum of the values of $m$ over all test cases is no more than $200,000$. For each test case, $c_i\in\{\text{H},\text{L}\}$ holds for each $i\in \{0, \ldots, n-1\}$. $c_0$ is always $L$. $0\leq u_i,v_i<n$ and $u_i\neq v_i$ hold for each $i\in \{1,\ldots, m\}$. No two roads connect the same pair of cities.

Output
For each test case, output a line of "yes" or "no", indicating whether there exists an endless earning path.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes