D. Desired Distance

You are given $n - 1$ points $P_i = (x_i, y_i)$ on a 2D plane, some of which may coincide. Let the distance between two points $P_i$ and $P_j$ be defined as follows:

$$d(i, j) = \max(|x_i - x_j|, |y_i - y_j|).$$

Add a new point $(x_n, y_n)$ with integer coordinates in such a way that the median of the multiset $\{d(i, j)~|~1 \le i < j \le n\}$ will equal a given value $k$, or state that it is impossible to do so. The added point is allowed to coincide with previously existing points.

Recall that for a multiset containing an odd number $q$ of elements, its median can be obtained as follows: write down all the elements of the multiset in the sorted order, then take the $\left(\frac{q + 1}{2}\right)$ -th element from that order.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ ($2 \le n < 2 \cdot 10^5$): the number of points after your addition. It is guaranteed that $\frac{n(n-1)}{2}$ is odd. The second line contains an integer $k$ ($1 \le k \le 5 \cdot 10^5$): the desired median distance. The $i$ -th of the following $n - 1$ lines contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($0 \le x_i, y_i \le 5 \cdot 10^5$): the coordinates of the $i$ -th previously existing point.

Output
If it is possible to add a point with integer coordinates $(x_n, y_n)$, such that $0 \le x_n, y_n \le 10^6$ and the median of the multiset of all distances becomes equal to $k$, print the coordinates of any such point. Otherwise, print a single integer $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes