H. A Hard Problem

You are given a simple undirected graph consisting of $n$ nodes and $m$ edges. The nodes are numbered from $1$ to $n$, and the edges are numbered from $1$ to $m$. Node $i$ has a non-negative integer value $V_i$ and the weight $W_{u,v}$ of edge $\{u, v\}$ is defined as $\left\|V_u\oplus V_v\right\|$ where $\oplus$ is the exclusive-or operator (equivalent to ^ in C) and $\|x\|$ is the number of set bits in the binary representation non-negative integer $x$

The node values $V_1,V_2,\dots,V_n$ must satisfy $q$ constraints. Each of the constraints can be represented as a 5-tuple $(t,u,i,v,j)$.

Unfortunately, some node values are missing now. Your task is to assign new values to them to minimize $\sum_{\{u,v\} \in E}W_{u,v}$ without violating any given constraint. Please write a program to help yourself to complete this task.

Input
The input consists of five parts. The first part contains one line, and that line contains two positive integers $n$ and $m$. $n$ is the number of nodes, and $m$ is the number of edges. The second part contains $m$ lines. Each of them contains two integers $u$ and $v$, indicating an edge $\{u, v\}$ of the given graph. The third part contains one line. That line consists of $n$ space-separated integers $x_1,x_2,\dots,x_n$. For any $k\in\{1,2,\dots,n\}$, if the node value $V_k$ is missing, $x_k$ will be -1; otherwise, $V_k$ is $x_k$. The fourth part contains one integer $q$, indicating the number of constraints. The fifth part contains $q$ lines, and each of them contains five space-separated integers $t, u, i, v, j$ indicating that $(t, u, i, v, j)$ is a constraint. $1 \le n \le 1000$ $1 \le m \le 5000$ $-1 \le V_i \lt 2^{16}$ $0 \le q \le 8$ $t \in \{0, 1\}$ $0 \le u, v \lt n$ $0 \le i, j \lt 16$

Output
Output an integer which is the minimum value under the $q$ constraints. If it is not possible to satisfy all the constraints, output -1.

Constraints
time limit per test 20 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes