B. Queue Sorting

Miss Burger has learned a lot of data structures recently. Her favorite one is the queue. Now, she wants to use two queues to implement a sorting algorithm.

To do so, she creates two queues $A$ and $B$ in the beginning. They are all initialized to be empty. For a queue, you can only conduct two kinds of operations:

The integers we will sort only include $1$ to $n$. For each $i$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$), we let $a_i$ denote the amount of $i$ in total. Therefore, $\sum\limits_{i=1}^n a_i$ integers are to be sorted in total, denoted as $m$.

Miss Burger first rearranges all $m$ integers into a sequence $b$ in arbitrary order. We say $b$ is legal if and only if she can sort all integers in non-decreasing order in the following way:

Now, Miss Burger wants to know how many different sequences $\{b_i\}_{i=1...m}$ can be sorted by her two queues. Two sequences $\{b_i\}_{i=1...m}$ are considered different if there exists a position $i$ where their values $b_i$ of these two sequences are different. As the answer may be large, your output should be modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ ($1\le n\le 500$), denoting the types of numbers. The second line contains $n$ integers, $a_1,...,a_n$ ($0\le a_i \le n$), where $a_i$ denotes the amount of number $i$. It is guaranteed that $1 \le \sum\limits_{i=1}^n a_i\le 500$.

Output
Output a single line containing only one integer, denoting the number of legal sequences. As the answer may be large, your output should be modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes