E. Extracting Weights

This is an interactive problem.

Emily has a tree containing $n$ nodes, where the weight of the node numbered $i$ is $w_i$. Node $1$ is the root node, and the weight of the root node is $0$.

Emily wants you to guess the weight of each node. Specifically, you can make at most $n$ queries, with the $i$ -th query containing two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$. If the simple path from $u_i$ to $v_i$ contains exactly $k$ edges, Emily will tell you the bitwise XOR $^{\dagger}$ of the weights of all the nodes on the simple path from node $u_i$ to node $v_i$ (including the endpoints). Otherwise, Emily will respond with "-1", indicating that she does not want to answer that question. Emily is very busy, so she will not start answering until you have asked all your questions.

Of course, you may not be able to guess the weights of all nodes with no more than $n$ queries for some cases. In such cases, you should not make any queries and instead directly tell Emily that it is impossible.

$^{\dagger}$ The bitwise XOR operation refers to the addition of each bit of two binary numbers under modulo $2$. For example: $(0011)_2$ $\oplus$ $(0101)_2$ $=$ $(0110)_2$.

First, you need to determine whether it is possible to guess the weights of all nodes within $n$ queries. If not, your program should output " No " and exit immediately. Otherwise, your program should output " Yes " and proceed to querying. You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings " yEs ", " yes ", " Yes ", and " YES " will be recognized as positive responses.

To make a query, output all your $q$ queries at once in the format " ? $q$ $u_1$ $v_1$ $u_2$ $v_2$ $\dots$ $u_q$ $v_q$ " ($1 \leq q \leq n$, $1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq n$). After flushing your output, your program should read a line containing $q$ integers. The $i$ -th integer represents the response to the $i$ -th query.

To guess the weights, output your guess in the format " ! $w_2$ $w_3$ $\dots$ $w_n$ " ($0 \leq w_i \lt 2^{30}$). After flushing your output, your program should exit immediately.

Note that the answer for each test case is pre-determined. That is, the interactor is not adaptive. Also, note that your guess does not count as a query.

To flush your output, you can use:

Input
There is only one test case in each test file. The first line contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($2 \leq n \leq 250$, $1 \leq k \leq n-1$), representing the number of nodes in the tree and a parameter mentioned in the query. The next $n-1$ lines each contain two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($1 \leq x_i, y_i \leq n$), indicating that there is an edge between nodes $x_i$ and $y_i$. It is guaranteed that all edges form a tree, and the correct answer satisfies $0 \leq w_i \lt 2^{30}$.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes