I. All Survived?

You are playing a first-person shooter with your friends. In this game, $n$ players are divided into two teams fighting against each other. Each player is crowned with a balloon on top of the head, and players try to pop the balloons of the players of the opposing team.

Players are numbered from 1 through $n,$ which are called the action orders. Also, each player is given a real number called the hit probability. The game consists of $n$ phases. In the $i$ -th $(i = 1, \ldots, n)$ phase, the player of the action order $i$ (the attacker) takes the following action.

The game ends when all of the phases are completed.

You don't want any of the players of your team to be killed. Calculate the probability of keeping all the players of your team alive until the end of the game by optimally choosing the targets. Assume that the opposing players choose their targets at random.

Input
The input consists of multiple datasets, each in the following format. The number of datasets does not exceed $50$. $n$ $s_1$ $p_1$ $\vdots$ $s_n$ $p_n$ The integer $n$ is the number of the players between $2$ and $300$, inclusive. For each $i = 1, \ldots, n$, $s_i$ and $p_i$ represent the team and the hit probability of the player of action order $i$,respectively. $s_i$ is a string either of "Ally" or "Enemy", which means that the player belongs to your team or the opposite, respectively. $p_i$ is a real number between $0$ and $1$, inclusive, with $9$ digits after the decimal point. It is guaranteed that both teams have at least one player. The end of the input is indicated by a line consisting of a zero.

Output
For each dataset, output in a line the probability of keeping all the players of your team alive when targets are optimally selected. The absolute or relative error must be less than or equal to $10^{-9}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 15 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes