D. Behind the Wall

Space marine officer Sarah and her small squad appeared to be on a hostile planet full of species of zorcs, an alien race known for their radical extremist views to other species. Fighting against zorcs would be a great disrespect to their rich culture so she wants to cover her base with a wall as soon as possible and then safely wait for the reinforcements promised by the command center.

The map of the temporarily safe area is a cell field of n rows, each consisting of m cells. The base is located in the c -th cell of the r -th row. Sarah has estimated that building a wall in the j -th cell of the i -th row takes a i, j units of time. She thinks that zorcs cannot pass through the cell where a wall is built. It's required to build walls in such a way that zorcs can't reach the base from outside the cell field, moving only through cells that have a common side and that doesn't have a wall built on them. The walls must be built in a minimal possible time, taking into account that they are build consequently one after another, and no time passes between building walls in different cells. Of course, it's prohibited to build a wall in a cell with the base.

Sarah is wondering in which cells walls must be built. Luckily, she has a programmer in her squad who started to solve this task.

Input
The first line contains four space-separated integers: n, m, r and c (3 ≤ n, m ≤ 50, 2 ≤ r ≤ n - 1, 2 ≤ c ≤ m - 1) — the height and width of the field, and the numbers of row and column where the base is located. Each of the next n lines contains m integers: a i, j (0 ≤ a i, j ≤ 500) — the number of time units needed to build a wall in the cell in the i -th row and the j -th column. It's guaranteed that a r, c = 0.

Output
In the first line output a single integer — the minimal number of time units required to build the walls. Then output n lines of m characters each. In the i -th line, on the j -th position output «. », if the wall must not be built in this cell, or « X », if the wall must be built in this cell. If there are several correct building plans, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes