I. Piecewise Linear Functions

Vadim is a big fan of piecewise linear functions. They have their limitations, and not every function can be represented as piecewise linear. Vadim will gladly tell you what they are.

A function is called piecewise linear if its graph can be represented as a polyline with $N$ vertices. Specifically, it is defined by $n$ pairs of numbers $(x_1, y_1), (x_2, y_2), \ldots, (x_N, y_N)$, which are the coordinates of the vertices of the polyline. The condition must hold that $$x_1 < x_2 < x_3 < \ldots < x_N.$$

This set of points defines a function of one argument, whose value at $x_i$ is $y_i$, and on the intervals between these points, it is linear. The domain of such a function is the segment $[x_1, x_N]$.

Valya invented his own class of functions with one variable, which he called modular. A modular function consists of $N$ terms, each of which has one of two forms: $|a_i \cdot x + b_i|$ or $-|a_i \cdot x + b_i|$. Here, $x$ is the variable, and $a_i$ and $b_i$ are the parameters of the function, while $| \ldots |$ denotes the absolute value. Thus, a modular function with $N$ terms has the form $$\pm|a_1 x + b_1| \pm |a_2 x + b_2| \pm \ldots \pm |a_N x + b_N|.$$

Vadim wanted to check whether modular functions are not worse than his favorite piecewise linear ones. He brought a piecewise linear function with $N$ vertices. Now try to find a modular function with exactly $N$ terms that is identically equal to the given piecewise linear function on the segment $[x_1, x_N]$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $N$ — the number of vertices of the polyline $(2 \le N \le 10^5)$. Next, there are $n$ lines, each containing two integers $x_i$, $y_i$ — the coordinates of the next vertex ($-10^5 \le x_i, y_i \le 10^5$). It is guaranteed that the coordinates $x_i$ are strictly increasing, that is, $$x_1 < x_2 < x_3 < \ldots < x_N.$$

Output
Output a single line containing the modular function with exactly $N$ terms that is identically equal to the given piecewise linear function on the segment $[x_1, x_N]$. Follow the format shown in the examples. The function should consist of $N$ terms $|a_i x + b_i|$, separated by the signs + and - (codes 43 and 45). It is allowed to place a leading minus before the first term. Each term must be enclosed in two symbols | (code 124). Inside the term, there must be a sign + (or -, if $b_i$ is negative). The left operand consists of a real number $a_i$ and the variable $x$ (code 120); the multiplication sign between them does not need to be written, it is implied. It is not allowed to omit $a_i$ or $b_i$, even if $a_i = 1$ or $b_i = 0$; the left operand cannot be omitted if $a_i = 0$. There must be exactly $N$ such terms. It is allowed to use terms that are identically equal to zero. They can be written as |0x+0|. The size of the output file must not exceed $8$ MB. The answer is considered correct if at any point in the segment $[x_1, x_N]$, the value of your modular function differs from the value of the given piecewise linear function by no more than $0.01$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes