B. Rolling The Polygon

Bahiyyah has a convex polygon with $n$ vertices $P_0, P_1, \cdots, P_{n-1}$ in the counterclockwise order. Two vertices with consecutive indexes are adjacent, and besides, $P_0$ and $P_{n-1}$ are adjacent. She also assigns a point $Q$ inside the polygon which may appear on the border.

Now, Bahiyyah decides to roll the polygon along a straight line and calculate the length of the trajectory (or track) of point $Q$.

To help clarify, we suppose $P_n = P_0, P_{n+1} = P_1$ and assume the edge between $P_0$ and $P_1$ is lying on the line at first. At that point when the edge between $P_{i-1}$ and $P_i$ lies on the line, Bahiyyah rolls the polygon forward rotating the polygon along the vertex $P_i$ until the next edge (which is between $P_i$ and $P_{i+1}$) meets the line. She will stop the rolling when the edge between $P_n$ and $P_{n+1}$ (which is same as the edge between $P_0$ and $P_1$) meets the line again.

Input
The input contains several test cases, and the first line is a positive integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases which is up to $50$. For each test case, the first line contains an integer $n~(3\le n \le 50)$ indicating the number of vertices of the given convex polygon. Following $n$ lines describe vertices of the polygon in the counterclockwise order. The $i$ -th line of them contains two integers $x_{i-1}$ and $y_{i-1}$, which are the coordinates of point $P_{i-1}$. The last line contains two integers $x_Q$ and $y_Q$, which are the coordinates of point $Q$. We guarantee that all coordinates are in the range of $-10^3$ to $10^3$, and point $Q$ is located inside the polygon or lies on its border.

Output
For each test case, output a line containing Case #x: y, where x is the test case number starting from $1$, and y is the length of the trajectory of the point $Q$ rounded to $3$ places. We guarantee that $4$ -th place after the decimal point in the precise answer would not be $4$ or $5$.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes