D. Dance of Ferrets

There is a circle drawn on the ground. The circle has $n$ equally spaced marks on its perimeter. The $i$ -th mark is said to be adjacent to the $(i-1)$ -th and $(i+1)$ -th marks (if they exist). Marks $1$ and $n$ are adjacent as well.

$n$ ferrets numbered form $1$ to $n$ will perform a dance on this circle. Initially, the $i$ -th ferret is standing on the $i$ -th mark. They will dance for $2024!^{2024!}$ rounds. If a ferret is standing on mark $i$ at the beginning of a round, it will move to mark $p_i$ during that round. It is guaranteed that $[p_1, p_2, \dots, p_n]$ is a permutation.

Some pairs of ferrets are best friends and don't like to be too far from each other for a long time. For that reason, they want to know if they will be standing on adjacent marks at the beginning of any round. Write a program to answer $q$ queries and help the ferrets to know that. For each query, you are given two integers $a$ and $b$, and you must determine if ferrets $a$ and $b$ will stand on adjacent marks at the beginning of any round.

Input
The input contains multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10^5$) – the number of test cases. The description of each test case follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $q$ ($2 \leq n \leq 5 \cdot 10^5$ and $1 \leq q \leq 5 \cdot 10^5$). The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $p_1, p_2, \dots p_n$ ($1 \leq p_i \leq n$). It is guaranteed that $[p_1, p_2, \dots, p_n]$ forms a permutation. The following $q$ lines contain two integers $a$ and $b$ ($1 \leq a,b \leq n$ and $a \neq b$). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all the test cases does not exceeds $5 \cdot 10^5$, and that the sum of $q$ over all the test cases does not exceeds $5 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
Print a binary string of size $q$ for each test case, where the $i$ -th character is '1' if the ferrets in the $i$ -th query will stand on adjacent marks at the beginning of any round, or '0' otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes