H. Highest Hill

Sweden may not have a particularly impressive mountain range compared to other NCPC countries such as Norway and Iceland, but at least it beats the flatlands of Denmark. The situation is not so clear when comparing other member countries though. For example, is Estonia more mountainous than Lithuania (Yes, but not by much! The highest point in Lithuania is Aukštojas Hill, $293.84$ meters above sea level, while Estonia has the highest peak in the Baltics: Suur Munamägi is $318$ meters above sea level.)? To settle this question, you want to determine which of the two countries has the most impressive mountain peak.

A mountain range is defined by sampling the heights $h_i$ of $n$ equidistant points. Within a mountain range, we call a triple of indices $1 \le i \lt j \lt k \le n$ a peak if $h_i \leq \cdots \leq h_j \geq \cdots \geq h_k$. The height of a peak is defined as the smaller of $h_j - h_i$ and $h_j-h_k$.

Given a mountain range, can you find the height of its highest peak?

Input
The first line contains a single integer $N$ ($3 \le n \le 200\,000$), the number of sampled points of the mountain range. The second and final line contains the heights $h_1, \dots, h_N$ ($0 \le h_i \le 318 \cdot 10^9$) of the sampled points, in nanometers above sea level. It is guaranteed that the mountain range contains at least one peak.

Output
Output a single integer: the height of the highest peak.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes