B. Magical Palette

The little white rabbit has a magical palette with a grid of $n$ rows and $m$ columns. Before starting to mix the colors, the little white rabbit will squeeze a kind of pigment to the left of each row, denoted by $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$, and also squeeze a kind of pigment above each column, denoted by $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_m$.

There are a total of $n \times m$ kinds of selectable pigments, represented by integers $0, 1, 2, \ldots, nm-1$ for different pigments. Then, in the cell of the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column, the little white rabbit will mix a color $c_{i,j} = a_ib_j \bmod nm$ using the pigment $a_i$ to the left of the $i$ -th row and the pigment $b_j$ above the $j$ -th column.

The little white rabbit hopes that each of the $n \times m$ cells has a different color, and you need to find out whether it can be achieved.

Input
The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 10^4$), indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The only line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n, m \le 10^6$, $1 \le n \times m \le 10^6$), indicating the number of rows and the number of columns. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n \times m$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, if no solution exists, output " No " (without quotes) in one line. Otherwise, output three lines: The first line contains one string " Yes " (without quotes). The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i < nm$). The third line contains $m$ integers $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_m$ ($0 \le b_i < nm$).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes