D. Secret Messages

On Planet E, people share messages secretly!

In order not to allow others to read their messages easily, they encode their messages before sending, and decode the received texts to get back the message. To make things simpler, they decide to make the encoding method and decoding method the same! They have thought of three different methods.

The first is to swap the lower case and upper case characters. For example, Hello would become hELLO using this encoding.

The second is to reverse the word. For example, Hello would become olleH using this encoding.

The third is to use the ROT13 (rotate 13) encoding. In this method, each character would be moved to the 13-th character after it, with A being the next character of Z (and a being the next character of z). The case remains unchanged. Since there are 26 English characters, applying ROT13 twice would give back the original word. For example, Hello would become Uryyb using this encoding.

Since all three methods look nice and the people on Planet E do not want to give up any of them. Hence they decide to use all three encodings together!

Can you help the people on Planet E to do the encoding?

Input
The first line contains a positive integer $T$ ($T \le 100$), the number of testcases. Each testcase contains a string $s$ with at least $1$ character and at most $100$ characters. Each of characters is either a lower case English character or an upper case English character.

Output
For each testcase, output a single line consisting of the encoded string.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes