C. Cattering

Throughout heaven and earth, I alone am the catter one.

— Jack probably never said this.

After returning from catching grasshoppers, Jack finds his cat, Salmon, has brought $N$ of his friends(cats), numbered $1$ to $N$, to the house. He decides to prepare food for all the cats.

Aside from the food dedicated for Salmon, there are currently $M$ types of cat food in his house ($M \geq N$). Jack is a proud "catterer", a person who specializes in catering to cats. He can estimate how much happiness each cat has eating each type of food. Formally speaking, Jack can find a matrix $A$ size $N \times M$ where $A_{ij}$ is how much happiness cat $i$ has when eating food type $j$.

The problem is, cats refuse to have the same types of food. He must prepare one type of food among $M$ types for each of $N$ cats such that there are no pairs of cats that receive the same food. He wants to $\textbf{maximize the minimum happiness among all cats}$. That is, if cat $i$ gets the food type $p_i$, he wants to $\textbf{maximize}\ min(A_{1p_1},A_{2p_2},\dots,A_{Np_N})$. Help him find the way to prepare foods to achieve his objective.

Input
The first line contains two integers $N, M\ (1 \leq N \leq M \leq 1,000)$ — the number of cats and the number of food types, respectively. The $i^{th}$ of the following $N$ lines contains $M$ integers $A_{i1},A_{i2},\dots,A_{iM}\ (1 \leq A_{i1},A_{i2},\dots,A_{iM} \leq 10^9)$ — the happiness cat $i$ has eating food type $1,2,\dots,M$, respectively.

Output
For the first line, output one integer — the maximum value of the minimum happiness among all cats. For the second line, output $N$ integers $p_1,p_2,\dots,p_N$ — the food type for cat $1,2,\dots,N$, respectively.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes