E. Love Marriage

Shanto has finally decided that it's time for him to get married!

Although it took a while for him to reach this decision, it didn't take long for the news to spread like wildfire. Soon, Shanto's phone started to ring nonstop, with $n$ girls requesting to chat with him, each seeing him as a perfect life partner. Being overwhelmed, Shanto devised an algorithm to find his favorite girl.

Here's his plan:

Being an honest boy, Shanto shares all the details about the algorithm with the girls. But here's a twist: Shanto himself doesn't know the value of $k$ yet. Influenced by one of his roommates, Shanto has developed a habit of making important decisions at the last moment. So, he decided to sleep on it and choose $k$ tomorrow morning.

Meanwhile, the girls, excited and anxious, started fantasizing about their chances. Some have tried to read Shanto's mind and guess the value of $k$. Others have decided to pray for an optimal $k$ to maximize their chances. Now, they've turned to you, the only person who can predict Shanto's happiness levels, for help.

Your task is to calm their nerves by answering their queries.

Input
The first line of the input contains two space-separated integers $n\:(2 \le n \le 10^5)$ and $q\:(1 \le q \le 2 \times 10^5)$ — the number of girls who called Shanto and the number of queries. The second line contains $n$ space-separated integers $a_1$, $a_2$,..., $a_n$ — where $a_i\:(1 \le a_i \le 10^9)$ is the predicted happiness Shanto will feel when chatting with the $i$ -th girl. Then $q$ lines follow, each containing a query of one of the following two types: "1 i k" : the $i$ -th girl $(1 \le i \le n)$ asks about the probability of her becoming Shanto's wife for the given value of $k\:(1 \le k \le n)$. "2 i" : the $i$ -th girl $(1 \le i \le n)$ asks about the optimal value of $k$ that maximizes the probability of her becoming Shanto's wife and the corresponding probability.

Output
For each query, output the corresponding answer in a line. For each query of type 1, output one integer $p\:(0 \le p < 10^9 + 7)$. For each query of type 2, output two space-separated integers $k\:(1 \le k \le n)$ and $p\:(0 \le p < 10^9 + 7)$. If multiple values of $k$ are optimal, you can output any of them. Output all probabilities modulo $10^9 + 7$. Formally, if a probability can be expressed as an irreducible fraction $\displaystyle\frac{x}{y}$, you have to output $p = xy^{-1}\: mod \:(10^9 + 7)$, where $y^{-1}$ is an integer such that $yy^{-1}\: mod\: (10^9 + 7) = 1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes