F. Pebbles

At the computer science exam, Vasya was solving the following problem:

«Two players, Petya and Vanya, are playing the following game. In front of the players there is a pile of stones. Players take turns, Petya is the first to play. In one move, the player can add $a$ stones to the pile or increase the number of stones in the pile twice. For example, if $a = 2$, having a pile of $10$ stones, in one move you can get a pile of $12$ or $20$ stones. Each player has an unlimited amount of stones to make moves.

The game ends at the moment when the number of stones in the pile becomes at least $n$. The loser is the player who made the last move, that is, who received a pile of $n$ or more stones.

At the initial moment there were $s$ stones in the pile. It is said that a player has a winning strategy if he can win in any opponent's moves.»

Unfortunately, Vasya does not remember the values of $a$ and $n$, which were at the exam, but he remembers at which initial $s$ Petya or Vanya won. He also remembers that $a$, $n$ and $s$ did not exceed $10^3$.

Write a program which, using different values of $s$ and a winning strategy for these $s$, will find the minimum suitable $a$ and $n$.

Input
The first line of the input file contains the number $k$ — the number of positions $(1 \le k \le 1000)$ for which Vasya remembers the outcomes. Then follow $k$ lines, each of which contains two integers. The first of these numbers is the initial number of stones $s_i$ $(0 \lt s_i \le 1000)$, the second is $1$, if with the number of stones $s_i$, Petya wins, or $2$ if with this number of stones Vanya wins. All initial positions of $s_i$ are different.

Output
The output file must contain two integers $n$ and $a$, separated by a space $(0 \lt n, a \le 1000)$. If the problem allows several solutions, then a solution with a minimum $n$ must be derived; if there are several solutions for a minimum $n$, then a solution with minimal $n$ and $a$ must be derived. If the solution does not exist, then two zeros should be output.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes