G. Ki Chang Jab Takkataen

One evening, Jack decides to ride his elephant in a straight line to catch grasshoppers. His elephant is $H$ units tall.

There are $N$ grasshoppers in his path. He will encounter the $i^{th}$ grasshopper when his elephant runs for $x_i$ units, and its altitude will be $y_i$ units. He also has $M$ miracle nets for catching insects. The $j^{th}$ net is $l_j$ units long.

He will be able to catch the $i^{th}$ grasshopper with the $j^{th}$ net if and only if his elephant runs for $\textbf{exactly}$ $x_i$ units and $ H - l_j \leq y_i \leq H + l_j$. Each net will $\textbf{disappear}$ when he $\textbf{catch a grasshopper with it}$ (exchanging for transporting the grasshopper to his kitchen).

Jack has $Q$ questions for you. For the $i^{th}$ question, Jack wants to know if he wants to catch $q_i$ grasshoppers, what is the minimum distance he will have to travel.

Input
The first line contains four integers $N$, $M$, $H$, and $Q$ ($1 \leq N,\ M,\ Q \leq 2\cdot10^5,\ 1 \leq H \leq 10^9$) — the number of grasshoppers, the number of nets, the height of Jack's elephant, and the number of questions, respectively. The $i^{th}$ line of the following $N$ lines contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($1 \leq x_i,\ y_i \leq 10^9, x_i < x_{i +1}$ for all $i < N$) — the distance the elephant has to run to encounter the $i^{th}$ grasshopper, and the altitude of the $i^{th}$ grasshopper. The next line contains M integers $l_1,l_2,\dots,l_M\ (1 \leq l_i \leq 10^9)$ — the length of nets. The $i^{th}$ line of the following $Q$ lines contains an integer $q_i$ ($1 \leq q_i \leq N$) — the number of grasshoppers asked in the $i^{th}$ question.

Output
For each question, output $-1$ if the number of grasshoppers exceeds the maximum he can catch. Otherwise, output one integer — the minimum distance his elephant has to run.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes