M. Machine Gun

Fulanito plays an old-school arcade game. In the game, he can place a machine gun anywhere within his base, which contains all $(x, y)$ points with $x \lt 0$. There are $N$ enemies on the battlefield. The $i$ -th enemy $(1 \le i \le N)$ is at position $(x_i, y_i)$ with $x_i \gt 0$. All these positions are given in advance.

A machine gun at $(x_m, y_m)$ covers an angle of vision to the right, centered on the line $y = y_m$, and whose borders are given by lines $y = y_m \pm \frac{x-x_m}{2}$. When placed, it kills all enemies within such angle, including its border lines.

The scoring system used by this videogame is extremely awkward: many believe that it was in fact a horrible bug by the game developers, who then proceeded to just yell "it's not a bug, it's a feature!" to anyone asking about it. Specifically, the score achieved by a certain placement of the machine gun is calculated by executing the following steps:

To get better at this game, Fulanito is going to ask you $q$ questions: each question asks the score that would be achieved by placing the machine gun at a certain $(x_m, y_m)$.

To make the problem more challenging, each $(x_m, y_m)$ is not given directly. Instead, values $a$ and $b$ are given, such that $x_m = -1 - \left((p + a) \mod (10^9 + 7) \right)$ and $y_m = (p + b)\mod (10^9 + 7)$, where $p$ is the answer to the previous query ($p = 0$ when processing the first query).

NOTE : It is guaranteed that in total, taking all queries together, the number of killed enemies is at most $10^6$.

$1 \le x_i, y_i \le 10^9$.

$1 \le N, q \le 10^5$.

$0 \le a, b \lt 10^9 + 7$.

Input
The first line contains the two integers $N$, $q$. The next $N$ lines contains two integers each: $x_i$ and $y_i$. The next $q$ lines contains two integers each: The values $a$ and $b$ that specify each query as explained in the problem statement.

Output
For each query, output a single line with a single integer containing the answer to that query.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes