D. Distance and Tree

Graph problems are popular in competitive programming, and problems related to distanceis and trees appear frequently. Let us start with some definitions.

A set is a collection of distinct elements. An undirected simple graph $G$ is a pair $(V,E)$, where $V$ is a set and $E$ is a set of unordered pairs of $V$ 's elements. For a graph $G=(V,E)$, we call $V$ as $G$ 's vertex set and $E$ as $G$ 's edge set. Elements in $V$ are vertices, and elements in $E$ are edges.

Let $u$ and $v$ be vertices in $V$. A path from $u$ to $v$ of length $k$ is a sequence of edges $e_1,e_2,\dots,e_k\in E$ such that there exists a sequence of distinct vertices, $v_1,\dots,v_{k+1}$, satisfying the following conditions.

We can define distances and trees now. Given two vertices $u,v\in V$, the distance $\delta(u,v)$ from $u$ to $v$ is $0$ if $u=v$. If there exists a path from $u$ to $v$, then $\delta(u,v)$ is the minimum number of edges required to form a path from $u$ to $v$. Otherwise, $\delta(u,v)=\infty$. A tree is an undirected graph in which any distinct two vertices $u$ and $v$ are connected by exactly one path.

Danny gives you a sequence of non-negative integers $d_1,d_2,\dots,d_n$ and asks you to construct a tree $G_T=(V_T,E_T)$ satisfying the following conditions.

Input
The first line contains a positive integer $n$ indicating the number of vertices of the tree to be constructed. The second line contains $n$ non-negative integers $d_1,\dots,d_n$, the sequence given by Danny. $2\le n\le 100000$ For $1\le k\le n$, $0\le d_k\le n-1$.

Output
If there does not exist such a tree $G_T$, output -1. Otherwise, output $n-1$ lines to represent the edge set $E_T$. The $i$ -th line should contain two space-separated integers $u_i$ and $v_i$. The $i$ -th edge in $E_T$ should be $\{p_{u_i},p_{v_i}\}$. If there are multiple solutions, you may output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes