E. Infinite Parenthesis Sequence

BaoBao has just found a sequence A = a 0, a 1, ..., a n - 1 of length n in his left pocket. Each element a i in this sequence is either a left parenthesis '(' or a right parenthesis ')'. As BaoBao dislikes short sequences, he decides to make the sequence infinitely long!

Let's denote b i as the element in the i -th position of the infinite parenthesis sequence B. As B is an infinite sequence, i can be positive, zero, or even negative! To derive B from A, one can use the following equations:

As BaoBao is bored, he also crafts a generator to generate an infinite number of parenthesis sequences from sequence B ! Denote B k (k ≥ 1) as the k -th infinite sequence generated by the generator and b k i as the element in the i -th position of sequence B k. For completeness, we define B 0 = B. One can derive B k from B k - 1 using the following equations:

To obtain a deeper insight of the sequence, BaoBao would like to calculate the number of left parenthesis '(' in the continuous subsequence b k l, b k l + 1, b k l + 2, ..., b k r - 1, b k r of B k. Please write a program to help him calculate the answer.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer T, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains a string s (1 ≤ | s | ≤ 10 5,) indicating the sequence A. The i -th character s i in s indicates the value of a i - 1. The second line contains an integer q (1 ≤ q ≤ 10 5), indicating the number of queries. For the following q lines, each line contains three integers k, l and r (0 ≤ k ≤ 10 9, - 10 9 ≤ l ≤ r ≤ 10 9), indicating a query. It's guaranteed that neither the sum of | s | nor the sum of q of all test cases will exceed 10 6.

Output
For each query output one line containing one integer, indicating the number of left parenthesis '(' in the continuous subsequence b k l, b k l + 1, b k l + 2, ..., b k r - 1, b k r of B k.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes