B. Rotating Gear

Andi has $N$ gears (numbered from 1 to $N$) on a board. Each gear has an arrow initially pointing upward. Some pair of gears may touch each other. If we construct a graph where each gear is a node, and we connect each pair of touching gears with an edge, then the structure of this graph is a tree. For example, the following is a possible gear configuration example with $N = 4$ gears and gear $2$ touches all other gears.

Standard gear rotation rule applies: Suppose a gear $u$ touches another gear $v$, and gear $u$ is rotated $\alpha$ degrees clockwise, then gear $v$ will be rotated $\alpha$ degrees counter-clockwise, and vice-versa.

Andi wants to perform three kinds of operations:

Let $\delta_u$ be the arrow's degree (clockwise, modulo $360$) of gear $u$ after $Q$ operations are done. Andi wants to know the sum of $\delta_u$ for all $u$. Furthermore, since rotating gears requires a lot of work, Andi also wants to know how much energy he needs for every Type 3 operation (rotating a gear). The amount of energy Andi needs to perform the Type 3 operation is defined as $\langle$ number of rotating gears $\rangle$ $\times$ $\langle$ rotation done in degrees $\rangle$

Input
Input begins with a line containing an integer $N$ ($1 \le N \le 100000$) representing the number of gears. The next $N - 1$ lines, each contains two integers: $u$ $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le N$; $u \ne v$) representing that gear $u$ and gear $v$ touches each other. It is guaranteed that the structure of the connected gears forms a tree. The next line contains an integer $Q$ ($1 \le Q \le 100000$) representing the number of operations. The next $Q$ lines, each representing an operation to be done sequentially. Each operation is given in one of the following formats: Two integers: $1$ $x$ ($1 \le x \le N$). This means that this operation takes out gear $x$ from its position on the board. It is guaranteed that gear $x$ is currently on the board. Two integers: $2$ $x$ ($1 \le x \le N$). This means that this operation places gear $x$ back to its original position on the board. It is guaranteed that gear $x$ is currently not on the board. Three integers: $3$ $x$ $\alpha$ ($1 \le x \le N$; $0 \le \alpha \le 359$). This means that this operation rotates gear $x$ $\alpha$ degrees clockwise. It is guaranteed that gear $x$ is currently on the board.

Output
For each Type 3 operation in the same order as input, output in a line the amount of energy needed to rotate the gears. Finally, output in a line the sum of $\delta_u$ for all $u$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes