F. Da Mi Lao Shi Ai Kan De

Grammy has joined $n+1$ QQ groups numbered $0\sim n$. Teacher Rice is in the group $0$.

Every day, Grammy's friends send messages to some groups in $1 \sim n$, and Grammy will select the messages which Teacher Rice likes and forward them to the group $0$.

Here we define a message as a string consisting of lowercase letters, and Teacher Rice likes a message if and only if the string " bie " is a substring of the message.

Now, given the messages in groups $1\sim n$, Grammy will search messages from group $1$ to group $n$ in order, checking the messages in the group one by one. For each message, pick out it if Teacher Rice likes it and it hasn't appeared in group $0$, and forward it to group $0$. Here appear means the same message has been forwarded to group $0$ before.

Please output all the messages that Grammy will forward to group $0$ in order. For each group, if Grammy can't pick out any message, output " Time to play Genshin Impact, Teacher Rice! " in one line.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ ($1\leq n\leq 10^4$), denoting the number of QQ groups. The following lines describe the messages in groups $1$ to $n$. For the $i$ -th group, the first line contains an integer $m_i$ ($0\leq m_i\leq 10^4$), denoting the number of messages in this group. The following $m_i$ lines each line contains a non-empty string $s_{i,j}$ representing a message. It is guaranteed that $\sum m_i \leq 10^4$, $\sum |s_{i,j}|\leq 10^4$ and all the messages only consist of lowercase letters.

Output
Output each message in a line, denoting all the messages that Grammy will forward to group $0$ in order. For each group, if Grammy can't pick out any message, output " Time to play Genshin Impact, Teacher Rice! " in one line.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes