C. Fare

There are $N$ cities in the country of Drevlyandia, and each is numbered from $1$ to $N$. It is also known that there are bidirectional roads between some of the cities; besides, from each city, you can get to any other in the only way, possibly by passing through other cities. In addition, you need to pay a certain amount for driving on the road. Traveling salesman Alexey has to make $Q$ trips between pairs of cities, and he wants to find out how much money he has to spend on each trip. However, the fare is calculated by a very strange formula: all driving costs are multiplied, and then the result is taken modulo $10^9 + 7$. Since Alexey is very bad at counting, he asks you to help him. Your task is to write a program that calculates the cost of each Alexey's trip.

Input
The first line consists of the number $N$ $(1 \le N \le 2 \cdot 10^5)$ – quantity of cities in Drevlyandia. The next $N - 1$ lines consist of information about roads. Each line has numbers $u, v, w~(1\le u, v \le N, 1 \le w \le 10^9, u \ne v)$ – numbers of the cities connected by bidirectional roads and the road fare. The $(N+1)$ -th line consists of the number $Q$ $(1 \le Q \le 2 \cdot 10^5)$ – the number of Alexey's trips. In the following $Q$ lines, there are pairs of numbers $a$ and $b$ $(1 \le a, b \le N, a \ne b)$ – the numbers of the cities between which you should calculate road fares.

Output
Output $Q$ lines – road fares between the cities by the formula described in the problem description.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes