G. Robots race

The Yousry brothers are participating in a robots competition. The competition arena can be represented as a weighted connected undirected graph with no self-loops or multiple edges containing $N$ nodes and $M$ edges. A robot's memory can be illustrated as a stack. For a robot to be ready for the competition it needs to execute $Q$ commands of three types very efficiently.

After each command of type 2 a robot should report whether the sequence of nodes in its memory is valid or not according to the following rules:

Since the speed of a robot in the race depends on how fast these commands are executed, the two brothers asked you to use your algorithmic and competitive programming skills to help them win this race.

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer $T$ the number of test cases. Each test case starts with a line containing three integers $N$, $M$, and $Q$, where $2 \leq N \leq 10^5$, $1 \leq M \leq 10^5$ and $1 \leq Q \leq 10^5$. The next $M$ lines represent the edges in the graph where each line contains three integers $u$, $v$ and $w$ to indicate an edge with weight $w$ between nodes $u$ and $v$, where $1 \leq u \leq N$, $1 \leq v \leq N$, $1 \leq w \leq 10^4$ and $u \neq v$. The next $Q$ lines represent the commands. Each command starts with an integer $t$ the type of the command and if $t$ is 2, another integer $u$ will follow, where $1 \leq t \leq 3$ and $1 \leq u \leq N$.

Output
For each test case, for each command of type 2 print 'y' if the sequence of nodes is valid or 'n' otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 15 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes