A. AibohphobiA

You are given a rectangular grid of $M$ rows and $N$ columns. The rows and columns are indexed from $0$ to $M-1$ and from $0$ to $N-1$ respectively. In each grid cell $(i, j)$, there is a lowercase letter character $A[i, j]$. This grid represents a maze, and the goal to solve the maze is to find a walk going from $(0, 0)$ to $(M-1, N-1)$. The walk consists of several steps. In each step you can choose one of the four directions (going from a grid cell to a neighboring cell that shares an edge.) Notice that it is okay to revisit a cell multiple times during the walk, including the starting cell $(0, 0)$ and the ending cell $(M-1, N-1)$. If you record all characters along the walk, you'll get a string that represents this walk.

Truckski is not a fan of palindromes, so he would like to find a walk that does not contain any palindromic substrings of length at least two, which he called a good walk. A string $s_1s_2\cdots s_k$ is called a palindrome, if it reads the same after reversing the string, i.e., $s_1s_2\cdots s_k=s_ks_{k-1}\cdots s_1$. A substring of a string can be obtained by removing a (possibly empty) prefix and a (possibly empty) suffix.

Now, there are $Q$ interesting locations $\{(r_i, c_i)\}_{i=1}^Q$ that Truckski wishes to visit. For each location $(r_i, c_i)$, can you help Truckski to find the length of the longest good walk that visits the location grid cell $(r_i, c_i)$ at least once? If there are arbitrarily long good walks please output -1. If there does not exist any good walk, please output -2.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T$, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case, there are two integers $M$ and $N$ in the first line. In each of the following $M$ lines there is a string of length $N$, the $c$-th character in the $r$-th line is the character $A[r, c]$. The next line contains an integer $Q$. In each of the following $Q$ lines there are two integers $r_i$ and $c_i$ indicating the location of interest. $T \le 20$ $2 \le M \le 100$ $2 \le N \le 100$ $1 \le Q \le 100$ For all $i$ such that $1\le i \le Q$, $0\le r_i \lt M$ and $0\le c_i \lt N$. For each grid cell $(r, c)$, $A[r, c]\in \{\texttt{a},\texttt{b},\ldots, \texttt{z}\}$ is a lowercase letter.

Output
For each interesting location, output the length of the longest good walk that visits this location at least once, or -1 if the good walk can be arbitrarily long, or -2 if there does not exist such a good walk.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 s
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes