M. Magic Spells

Chimpa is a powerful wizard apprentice. He has been learning about magic spells lately. There are $m$ magic tuples in the world. The $i$ -th magic tuple is defined as $(c_i, d_i, p_i)$, where $c_i$ and $d_i$ are lowercase letters and $p_i$ is a positive integer. A magic spell of size $n$ is a string that meets the following conditions:

Recall that we denote the $i$ -th character in $s$ as $s_i$.

Chimpa learned that the effect of a magic spell is unique determined by its first letter, last letter and length. There are $q$ effects that he wants to trigger. For the $j$ -th effect, he wonders how many magic spells begin with the letter $x_j$, end with the letter $y_j$ and have length $n_j$. Help him to find the answer modulo $998244353$.

Input
The first line contains two characters $m$ and $q$ ($1 \leq m \leq 1000$ and $1 \leq q \leq 100$) $-$ the number of magic tuples and the number of effects that Chimpa wants to trigger. The following $m$ lines contain the description of the magic tuples. The $(1+i)$ -th line contains two letters $c_i$ and $d_i$ followed by an integer $p_i$ ($c_i, d_i \in [a-t]$ and $1 \leq p_i \leq 10$). The following $q$ lines contain the description of the effects. The $(1+m+j)$ -th line contains two letters $x_j$ and $y_j$ followed by an integer $n_j$ ($x_j, y_j \in [a-t]$ and $1 \leq n_j \leq 10^{18}$).

Output
For each effect, print a line containing the number of magic spells modulo $998244353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes