J. Complete the Permutation

You are given an incomplete permutation of length $2n - 1$, where only odd positions are filled in with odd numbers from $1$ to $2n-1$. Complete the permutation by filling in even positions with even numbers from $2$ to $2n-2$ so that no even number is a local extremum.

A permutation of length $k$ is an array of length $k$ which contains every integer from $1$ to $k$ (inclusive) exactly once. For example, $p=[4, 2, 6, 5, 3, 1]$ is a permutation of length $6$.

An element of a permutation is a local extremum if it is either greater than both its neighbours, or less than both its neighbours.

Input
The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^5$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of odd integers in the permutation. The second line contains $n$ integers $p_1, p_3, p_5, \dots, p_{2n-1}$ ($1 \le a_i \le 2n-1$, all $p_i$ are odd and unique) — the elements on the odd positions of the permutation. Additional constraint on the input: the sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print the answer on a separate line as follows: if the answer exists, print $n - 1$ integers $p_2, p_4, p_6, \dots, p_{2n-2}$ ($2 \le p_i \le 2n-2$). All these integers should be even and unique. In the permutation $[p_1, p_2, \dots, p_{2n-1}]$, no integer on an even position should be a local extremum. In case there are multiple answers, you may print any of them; otherwise, print one integer $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes