H. Rainbow Graph

A graph without loops or multiple edges is known as a simple graph.

A vertex-colouring is an assignment of colours to each vertex of a graph. A proper vertex-colouring is a vertex-colouring in which no edge connects two identically coloured vertices.

A vertex-colouring with $n$ colours of an undirected simple graph is called an $n$ -rainbow colouring if every colour appears once, and only once, on all the adjacent vertices of each vertex. Note that an $n$ -rainbow colouring is not a proper colouring, since adjacent vertices may share the same colour.

An undirected simple graph is called an $n$ -rainbow graph if the graph can admit at least one legal $n$ -rainbow colouring. Two $n$ -rainbow graphs $G$ and $H$ are called isomorphic if, between the sets of vertices in $G$ and $H$, a bijective mapping $f: V(G) \to V(H)$ exists such that two vertices in $G$ are adjacent if and only if their images in $H$ are adjacent.

Your task in this problem is to count the number of distinct non-isomorphic $n$ -rainbow graphs having $2 n$ vertices and report that number modulo a prime number $p$.

Input
The input contains several test cases, and the first line contains a positive integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases which is up to $1000$. For each test case, the only line contains two integers $n$ and $p$ where $1 \le n \le 64$, $n + 1 \le p \le 2^{30}$ and $p$ is a prime. We guarantee that the numbers of test cases satisfying $n \ge 16$, $n \ge 32$ and $n \ge 48$ are no larger than $200$, $100$ and $20$ respectively.

Output
For each test case, output a line containing " Case #x: y " (without quotes), where x is the test case number starting from $1$, and y is the answer modulo $p$.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes