C. Conner Reading Session

Conner is an avid reader. He knows there are two main reasons for reading a good book: first, to enjoy it, and second, to boast about having read it.

However, he faces a problem: every book he has takes time to read. Furthermore, his university library has adopted a policy that allows him to read any book, provided the following conditions are met:

Conner wishes to respect all the rules. He knows that it takes him 3 minutes to read one page (it can be assumed that all pages take the same amount of time to read).

Given a list of books, each with its number of pages, a value indicating how enjoyable it is for Conner, and a number indicating its fame (for which Conner could boast about having read it), you must calculate two values: first, the maximum enjoyment value Conner can achieve from reading, and second, the maximum fame value he can accumulate. All readings must be complete to count and must be done in a single day. If the enjoyment is greater than the fame, then indicate to Conner that he should read for enjoyment; if the opposite is the case, indicate that he should read for fame.

Input
The first line contains a number $N$ ($1\leq N \leq 10^3$) The second line contains $N$ integer numbers separated by space, indicating the number of pages of the books. $1\leq B_i \leq 10^3$ The third line has the $N$ numbers, indicating the pleasure $P$ $1\leq P_i \leq 10^3$ that the $i-th$ book may give The fourth and last line has the fame of each book, so there are $N$ integers according to the fame that the book has. $1\leq F_i \leq 10^3$

Output
Print a single line with the word "EITHER" if the fame and pleasure are the same, "FAME" if Conner would rather the fame, or "PLEASURE" if he would rather pleasure.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes