L. Printer

A programming bootcamp will be held in Berland. The participants will play contests in a two-storey building. $n$ tables will be arranged in a row on each floor of the building. The tables on each floor are numbered from left to right, starting from one. There is a staircase which allows participants to get from one floor to another. The structure of the building is drawn in the following picture:

For each table it is known whether a team will work on this table during the contests.

The organizers have decided to install a printer, so that participants may print their solutions. To do so, they have to choose a floor where the printer will be placed, and a table on this floor. The printer should be installed on any table (it can be a free table, or a table which some team will use for participation).

Let's denote the inconvenience value for each team. For example, a team $i$ will sit on the floor $f_i$ at the table $a_i$, and the printer is installed on the floor $f_p$ at the table $a_p$. If the printer is installed on the same floor where team $i$ participates (that means, $f_i = f_p$), then the inconvenience for team $i$ is $|a_i - a_p|$. And if the printer is installed on another floor (that means, $f_i \neq f_p$), then the inconvenience for team $i$ is $a_i + k + a_p$ : the team should first go to the exit from the room where they participate ($a_i$ corresponds to it), then reach the other floor using the staircase ($k$ corresponds to it), and walk to the table where the printer is installed ($a_p$ corresponds to it).

The organizers want to place the printer in such a way that the maximum inconvenience among all teams is minimized. Your task is to help them: tell them the floor and the table where the printer should be placed.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $k$ $(1 \le n \le 1\,000, 1 \le k \le 1\,000$) — the number of tables on each floor and the time it takes to reach the other floor using the staircase, respectively. The second line contains a string consisting of $n$ characters, each character is either a zero or a one. This string corresponds to the teams sitting at the tables on the second floor. If the $i$ -th character is a one, then a team will sit at the $i$ -th table on the second floor. Otherwise the $i$ -th table will be free. The third line contains a string consisting of $n$ characters, each character is either a zero or a one. This string corresponds to the teams sitting at the tables on the first floor. If the $i$ -th character is a one, then a team will sit at the $i$ -th table on the first floor. Otherwise the $i$ -th table will be free. It is guaranteed that at least one team will participate in the bootcamp (that means, at least one character in these two strings is a one).

Output
The first line should contain one integer — the minimum possible maximum inconvenience among all teams. The second line should contain two integers — the index of the floor and the index of the table where the printer should be placed. If there are multiple optimal answers, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes