I. Guess Cycle Length

This is an interactive problem.

Grammy has a directed cyclic graph of $n$ vertices ($1\leq n\leq 10^9$) numbered from $1$ to $n$. A directed cyclic graph is a directed graph of $n$ vertices that form one cycle. Specifically, there are $n$ vertices and $n$ edges in the graph, and there exists a permutation $p_1,p_2,\ldots,p_n$ such that there is a one-way edge from $p_i$ to $p_{(i\bmod n)+1}$.

Initially, there is a token on a predetermined vertex.

You can ask Grammy to move the token in the following way:

You win if you guess the number of vertices in the hidden graph (number $n$) by making no more than $10^4$ queries.

The vertices in the graph and the initial position of the token are fixed in advance.

You can make no more than $10^4$ queries. To make a query, output " walk x " ($0 \leq x \leq 10^9$) on a separate line, then you should read the response from standard input.

In response to the query, the interactor will move the token through exactly $x$ edges and output the position of the token after moving.

To give your answer, print " guess n " on a separate line, where $n$ is the size of the hidden graph ($1\leq n \leq 10^9$). The output of the answer is not counted towards the limit of $10^4$ queries.

After that, your program should terminate.

After printing a query, do not forget to output end of line and flush the output. To do this, use fflush(stdout) or cout.flush() in C++, System.out.flush() in Java, or stdout.flush() in Python.

It is guaranteed that the vertices in the graph and the initial position of the token are fixed in advance.

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes