D. Query on Tree

Given a rooted tree with $n$ nodes, where the root is node $r=1$, each node has an associated weight $a_i$.

The distance between two nodes in the tree is defined as the number of edges on the shortest path between them.

The subtree of a node $x$ is defined as the set of all nodes $y$ such that the shortest path from $y$ to the root $r$ passes through $x$.

You need to support the following three types of operations:

1. Given $x$, $k$, and $v$, for each node $y$ at a distance exactly $k$ from $x$, update $a_y$ to $a_y+v$, then output the maximum of $a_y$.

2. Given $x$, $k$, and $v$, for each node $y$ at a distance of at most $k$ from $x$, update $a_y$ to $a_y+v$, then output the maximum of $a_y$.

3. Given $x$ and $v$, update $a_y$ to $a_y+v$ for every node $y$ in the subtree of $x$, then output the maximum of $a_y$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $T$ $(1 \leq T \leq 10^4)$, representing the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains two integers $n$ and $q$ $(1 \leq n, q \leq 2 \times 10^5)$, representing the number of nodes in the tree and the number of operations. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_n$ $(-10^{14} \leq a_i \leq 10^{14})$, representing the weight of each node. The next $n-1$ lines each contain two integers $x$ and $y$ $(1 \leq x, y \leq n$, $x \neq y)$, representing an edge in the tree. The next $q$ lines describe the operations. Each line contains three or four integers $o, x, v$ or $o, x, k, v$ $(o\in \{1,2,3\}$, $1\leq x\leq n$, $0\leq k \lt 10$, $-10^{9}\leq v\leq 10^{9})$, representing the operation type and its parameters. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5 \times 10^5$, and the sum of $q$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \times 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output $q$ lines, each containing an integer representing the result of the corresponding operation. If no valid node $y$ exists, output $\texttt{GG}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 6 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes