A. Amsopoly Simple Version

Seo, B21 and Lowie tested the new version of the game Monopoly: Amsopoly. This game is designed specifically to sell to students and alumni of the Hanoi - Amsterdam High School.

In the simplest version, the game map consists of $N+1$ real estate areas. The first one is called "starting position": it belongs to the government and all players start from there in the beginning of the game. The other $N$ areas are placed in a circle in the following manner: the $2^{nd}$ placed after the $1^{st}$, the $3^{rd}$ placed after the $2^{nd}$ and so on. In the end, the $(N+1)^{th}$ placed after the $N^{th}$ and the first one placed right after the $(N+1)^{th}$. These $N$ areas are vacancy and are available for one player to own it.

In a player turn, if he or she rolls the number $X$, he or she will move $X$ steps forward from his or her current position. Assume that he or she ends up in $Y^{th}$ : if $Y=1$ or $Y$ is owned by this player before, then nothing happens, else if $Y$ is vacancy, the player will own the property, and if $Y$ is owned by the other player, $Y$ will have to pay the owner of the property.

Seo, B21 and Lowie have played one abnormal games: in the first $10^9$ turns for each player: Seo rolls exactly $V_s$, B21 rolls exactly $V_b$, and Lowie rolls exactly $V_l$ in every turn. Seo is the first person to move, then B21, then Lowie, then Seo again, and so on.

Before the first event of a person step on a property of another person and have to pay him, how many dice rolls has happened. If after $3*10^9$ turn, no one have to pay others, output $3000000000$.

Input
The only line contains four integers: $N$, $V_s$, $V_b$ and $V_l$ ($3 \le N \le 10^5$, $1 \le V_s, V_b, V_l \le N$).

Output
The only integer denotes the number of dice rolls happened before the event of a player pays another.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes