B. Blood Memories

Panda is playing a game, in which he is fighting the Demon's army with a party of $n$ characters, numbered $1$ to $n$. Each round begins with $m$ Ap (energy points) available to the party.

Each character $i$ has a skill that deals $a_i$ damage and normally costs $c_i$ Ap. In any round, each character can choose to either use their skill once or do nothing with zero cost. The total Ap cost of all skills used in a round must not be more than $m$. Any remaining Ap at the end of the round is discarded, and the party is fully refreshed with $m$ Ap for the next round.

Due to the unique mechanics of this game, if a character uses their skill in a round, its Ap cost for the next round becomes $c_i + k$. If the character continues using the skill in consecutive rounds, the cost stays at $c_i + k$ (it does not increase further). If a character does not use their skill in a round, the skill cost will reset to $c_i$ for the very next round.

Panda wants to maximize the total damage dealt over a total of $R$ rounds. Find the maximum possible total damage.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 100$), denoting the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line contains four integers $n,m,k,R$ ($1\le n\le 6$, $1\le m,k\le 10^3$, $1\le R\le 10^9$). $n$ is the number of characters in the party, $m$ is the Ap gained at the start of each round, $k$ the temporary Ap cost increase when a skill is used, and $R$ is the total number of rounds. For the next $n$ lines, each line contains two integers $a_i, c_i$ ($1\le a_i\le 10^6$, $1\le c_i\le m$), which are the damage and initial Ap cost for character $i$.

Output
Output a single integer, denoting the maximum total damage that can be achieved.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes