B. Red Black Tree

BaoBao has just found a rooted tree with n vertices and (n - 1) weighted edges in his backyard. Among the vertices, m of them are red, while the others are black. The root of the tree is vertex 1 and it's a red vertex.

Let's define the cost of a red vertex to be 0, and the cost of a black vertex to be the distance between this vertex and its nearest red ancestor.

Recall that

As BaoBao is bored, he decides to play q games with the tree. For the i -th game, BaoBao will select k i vertices v i, 1, v i, 2, ..., v i, k i on the tree and try to minimize the maximum cost of these k i vertices by changing at most one vertex on the tree to a red vertex.

Note that

Please help BaoBao calculate the smallest possible maximum cost of the given k i vertices in each game after changing at most one vertex to a red vertex.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input is an integer T, indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains three integers n, m and q (2 ≤ m ≤ n ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ q ≤ 2 × 10 5), indicating the size of the tree, the number of red vertices and the number of games. The second line contains m integers r 1, r 2, ..., r m (1 = r 1 < r 2 < ... < r m ≤ n), indicating the red vertices. The following (n - 1) lines each contains three integers u i, v i and w i (1 ≤ u i, v i ≤ n, 1 ≤ w i ≤ 10 9), indicating an edge with weight w i connecting vertex u i and v i in the tree. For the following q lines, the i -th line will first contain an integer k i (1 ≤ k i ≤ n). Then k i integers v i, 1, v i, 2, ..., v i, k i follow (1 ≤ v i, 1 < v i, 2 < ... < v i, k i ≤ n), indicating the vertices whose maximum cost BaoBao has to minimize. It's guaranteed that the sum of n in all test cases will not exceed 10 6, and the sum of k i in all test cases will not exceed 2 × 10 6.

Output
For each test case output q lines each containing one integer, indicating the smallest possible maximum cost of the k i vertices given in each game after changing at most one vertex in the tree to a red vertex.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 s
memory limit per test 256 megabytes