K. Sam-Oh, the funny coach

Sam-Oh is teaching a course for his university contestants on how to be funny (instead of teaching them useful algorithms for SCPC). The course consists of $m$ parts, each part contains 26 jokes where a joke is represented as a small Latin English letter. But Sam-Oh is depressed as the contestants aren't funny at all! they only learn one joke of each part out of the 26 jokes!!

So, after the course ends, each contestant is learned $m$ jokes. In other words, the learned jokes of each person can be represented as a string of length $m$ consisting of small Latin English letters. Not only this! Sam-Oh found out that these strings are sorted in non-decreasing order! To overcome his depression, Sam-Oh will make the funny dual event. In this event, he will choose $Q$ pairs of contestants and test their fun compatibility by finding the number of shared jokes at each index $i$ of the two strings. More formally, let $s$ be the string of jokes of the first contestant and $t$ the string of the other one, and count the number of indices $i$ such that: $s_i = t_i$

Sam-Oh is busy telling jokes and making other coaches happy (he thinks so) so he will give you the pairs of contestants and asks you to find the results.

Note : Every string is sorted, The array of strings isn't sorted necessarily.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n, m$ $(2 \le n \cdot m \le 5 \cdot 10^{5})$ — the number of contestants and the number of jokes respectively. The next $n$ lines contain string $s_i$ $(| s_i | = m)$ — the learned jokes by the $i$ -th contestant, sorted in non-decreasing order. The third line contains one integer $Q$ $(1 \le Q \le 10^{6})$ — the number of tests Sam-Oh will do. The next $Q$ lines contains two integers $p_{1_i}, p_{2_i}$ $(1 \le p_{1_i}, p_{2_i}\le n)$ — The pair of the $i$ -th test. It's guaranteed that there are at least two contestants in the university.

Output
Output $Q$ lines, the $i$ -th line should contain the $i$ -th test result.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 s
memory limit per test 256 megabytes