H. Tree Permutations

Once upon a time, Mr. Cool created a tree (an undirected graph without cycles) of $n$ vertices, by assigning to each vertex $i > 1$ two numbers: $p_i < i$ — the direct ancestor of vertex $i$ and $w_i$ — the weight of the edge between vertex $i$ and $p_i$. Vertex $1$ is the root, so it does not have any ancestors.

You wanted to know what tree did Mr. Cool build, but Mr. Cool refused to tell this, but he gave you a tip:

He wrote all these numbers in one line. That's how he got array $b$ of length $2 \cdot n -2$.

Then he randomly shuffled it. That's how he got array $a$, and Mr. Cool presented you with it.

Since it is impossible to restore the tree knowing only values of array $a$, you decided to solve a different problem.

Let's call a tree k-long, if there are exactly $k$ edges on the path between vertex $1$ and $n$.

Let's call a tree k-perfect, if it is $k$ -long and the sum of the weights of the edges on the path between vertex $1$ and vertex $n$ is maximal among all possible $k$ -long trees that Mr. Cool could build.

Your task is to print the sum of the weights of the edges on the path between vertex $1$ and vertex $n$ for all possible $k$ -perfect trees or print $-1$ if a certain $k$ -long tree could not be built by Mr. Cool.

Input
The first line contains one integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 10^5$) — the number of the vertices in the tree. The second line contains $2 \cdot n - 2$ integers $a_1, a_2,\ldots, a_{2n-2} (1 \le a_i \le n - 1)$ — the elements of array $a$.

Output
In one line, print $n-1$ space-separated integers $w_1, w_2, w_3, \ldots, w_{n-1}$, where $w_k$ — the sum of the weights of the edges on the path between vertex $1$ and vertex $n$ in a $k$ -perfect tree. If there is no $i$ -long tree, then $w_i$ should be equal to $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes