C. Socks Drying

Gleb has socks of $n$ distinct colors. In particular, he owns $a_i$ pairs of socks of color $i$. He wears these pairs one after the other till there are no more clean pairs of socks left, then it is time for The Great Wash.

Gleb puts all of his socks into a washing machine with a drying option and waits for an two-three hours. Now, the worst part begins. Gleb needs to assemble socks in pairs again. To simplify the process we assume that all socks of the same color are indistinguishable. In other words, any two socks of the same color can form a pair. Obviously, Gleb never forms a pair of socks from two of distinct color.

Gleb performs the following process. We denote the set of all socks inside the washing machine as $A$ and the set of all socks that haven't been matched yet and lie near Gleb as $B$.

While waiting for wash-and-dry cycle to finish Gleb wonders, what is the expected time the process described above will take? The last time he took part in a programming competition was several years ago, so he needs your help to find out the answer.

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 200\,000$) — the number of distinct colors of socks Gleb possesses. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq 5$), the $i$ -th of them denoting the number of pairs of socks of color $i$ in Gleb's wardrobe.

Output
Print one real value — the expected number of seconds it will take Gleb to complete the whole process if he follows the steps given. Your answer will be accepted if its absolute or relative error does not exceed $10^{-6}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes