A. Drill Wood to Make Fire

Drilling wood to make a fire refers to the friction or penetration of a hard wooden stick against wood, and the use of friction to make a fire. The invention of drilling wood to make fire originated from ancient Chinese mythology and legends. In ancient times, the area around Shangqiu in Henan Province was a forest. The Suiren clan, who lived in the forest, often preyed on wild animals. When the stones that hit the beasts collided with the rocks, sparks were often generated. The Suiren clan was inspired from this and used stones to strike stones, igniting the fire with the sparks produced, creating a fire.

In ancient times, a sage was inspired by sparks from birds pecking at flint wood. He broke off the branches of the flint wood and drilled into the wood to make a fire. He taught people this method, and humans learned how to make artificial fires, use fire to cook food, light, warm, and smelt. Human life entered a new stage, and people called this sage the Suiren family, and regarded him as the "head of the three emperors".

The current question is: given the critical value $N$ for wood to ignite, the strength $S$ and speed $V$ of the Suiren clan, can you determine whether the Suiren clan can drill into wood for fire?

Input
The first line is an integer $T$ $(1 \le T \le 100)$, representing the number of test cases. Next, there are $T$ lines, each corresponding to a test case, consisting of three integers $N$, $S$, $V$ $(1 \le N, S, V \le 100)$, representing the critical value of wood ignition, the strength and speed of the Suiren clan.

Output
Each test case output takes up a line and is an integer of 1 or 0, where 1 represents the ability of the Suiren clan to drill wood for fire; 0 represents that the Suiren clan cannot drill into wood to make a fire.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes