B. Byte Pair Encoding

You are given an array that initially consists of bytes (that is, integers between $0$ and $255$, inclusive). Let us define an occurrence of a pair of numbers $(l, r)$ in the array as a pair of indices $(i, i + 1)$ such that $a_i = l$ and $a_{i + 1} = r$.

You are to perform the following encoding process on this array:

For all $q$ occurrences of $(l, r)$ simultaneously, erase the numbers in them and write the number $255 + i$ in the place where the occurrence was located, if this erasure operation is the $i$ -th ($i \ge 1$). The length of the array will decrease by $q$.

After the process ends, report the erasure operations you have performed, as well as the final array.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 50\,000$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($2 \le n \le 100\,000$, $1 \le k \le n$): the initial array size and the maximum number of process iterations. The second line contains $n$ integers between $0$ and $255$ : the elements of the initial array. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $100\,000$.

Output
For each test case, in the first line, print an integer $e$ ($0 \le e \le \min\{k, n - 1\}$): the number of bulk erasure operations performed. In the $i$ -th of the next $e$ lines, print three integers $l$, $r$, $q$ ($0 \le l, r \le 254 + i$, $l \ne r$, $2 \le q \le n - 1$), denoting that the $i$ -th bulk erasure operation was performed on a pair of numbers $(l, r)$, erasing it $q$ times. The last line must contain the final $n - \sum q$ elements of the array. Every element must be an integer between $0$ and $255 + e$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes