D. Disk Sort

You are given $n + 1$ rods and $3n$ disks. Initially, each of the first $n$ rods contains exactly $3$ disks. Each of the disks has one of $n$ colors (identified by numbers from $1$ to $n$). Moreover, there are exactly $3$ disks of each of the $n$ colors. The $n + 1$ -th rod is empty.

At each step we can select two rods $a$ and $b$ ($a \neq b$) such that $a$ has at least $1$ disk and $b$ has at most $2$ disks, and move the topmost disk from rod $a$ to the top of rod $b$. Note that no rod is allowed to contain more than $3$ disks at any time.

Your goal is to sort the disks. More specifically, you have to do a number of operations (potentially $0$), so that, at the end, each of the first $n$ rods contains exactly $3$ disks of the same color, and the $n + 1$ -th rod is empty.

Find out a solution to sort the disks in at most $6n$ operations. It can be proven that, under this condition, a solution always exists. If there are multiple solutions, any one is accepted.

Input
The first line of the input contains a positive integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 1\,000$). The next $3$ lines of the input contain $n$ positive integers $c_{i, j}$ each ($1 \leq i \leq 3$, $1 \leq j \leq n$, $1 \leq c_{i, j} \leq n$), the color each of the disks initially placed on the rods. The first of the $3$ lines indicates the upper row, the second line indicates the middle row, and the third line indicates the lower row.

Output
The first line of the output must contain a non-negative integer $k$ ($0 \leq k \leq 6n$), the number of operations. Each of the following $k$ lines should contain two distinct numbers $a_i, b_i$ ($1 \leq a_i, b_i \leq n + 1$, for all $1 \leq i \leq k$), representing the $i$ -th operation (as described in the statement).

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes