K. Kind of Bingo

There is a grid with $n$ rows and $m$ columns. The cells in the grid are numbered from $1$ to $n \times m$, where the cell on the $i$-th row and the $j$-th column is numbered as $((i - 1) \times m + j)$.

Given a permutation $p_1, p_2, \cdots, p_{n \times m}$ of $n \times m$, we're going to perform $n \times m$ operations according to the permutation. For the $i$-th operation, we'll mark cell $p_i$. If after the $b$-th operation, there is at least one row such that all the cells in that row are marked, and $b$ is as small as possible, then we say $b$ is the "bingo integer" of the permutation.

You're given the chance to modify the permutation at most $k$ times (including zero times). Each time you can swap a pair of elements in the permutation. Calculate the smallest possible bingo integer after the modifications.

Recall that a sequence $p_1, p_2, \cdots, p_{n \times m}$ of length $n \times m$ is a permutation of $n \times m$ if and only if each integer from $1$ to $n \times m$ (both inclusive) appears exactly once in the sequence.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 10^4$) indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$ and $k$ ($1 \le n, m \le 10^5$, $1 \le n \times m \le 10^5$, $0 \le k \le 10^9$), indicating the number of rows and columns of the grid and the number of modifications you can perform. The second line contains $n \times m$ distinct integers $p_1, p_2, \cdots, p_{n \times m}$ ($1 \le p_i \le n \times m$). It's guaranteed that the sum of $n \times m$ of all test cases will not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case output one line containing one integer indicating the smallest possible bingo integer after the modifications.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes