D. Decrypting Zodiac

For one of his first letters he used the following two step encryption scheme. $^{\text{∗}}$ First, he applied a Caesar cipher which means that he replaced each letter with the one that comes $k$ steps later in the alphabet, where $k$ is a fixed number between 0 and 25 inclusive. Note that for this step it is assumed that after z the alphabet starts again with a. In the second step, he cut the message into two parts at an arbitrary position and swapped the parts. It is allowed for one of the two parts to be empty, in which case the message did not change during this second step.

Normally, a simple brute force search could be used to decrypt the message. However, to do this, one needs to automatically check if a message makes sense. Since Zodiac might have made some mistakes during the first step of the encryption, this is not easy to decide.

For this reason, you decided to try another approach. You want to try meaningful candidate sentences and encrypt them and then count how many mistakes would be required to make them match with Zodiac's encrypted message.

$^{\text{∗}}$ He did in fact not.

Input
The input consists of: One line with a single integer $n$ $(1\leq n \leq 1.5\cdot10^5)$, the length of the messages. Two lines each with one string of length $n$. The first string is the encrypted message and the second string is your guess for the decrypted message. Both strings consist of lowercase letters a - z only.

Output
Output a single integer, the minimal number of mistakes Zodiac must have made during the encryption, assuming you correctly guessed the decrypted message.

Constraints
time limit per test 10 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes