A. Dilation

Dilation – is one of the simplest methods of morphological image processing. Its main purpose is to expand image objects by applying some kernel.

Suppose we have some initial image $A$ consisting only of black (objects) and white (background) pixels. If a $3 \times 3$ kernel is used for dilation, then in the target image $B$ the pixel $B_{i, j}$ will be black if it was black in the source image ($A_{i, j}$ is black) or at least one was black from neighboring pixels (some neighbors may not exist): $A_{i - 1, j - 1}$, $A_{i - 1, j}$, $A_{i - 1, j + 1}$, $A_{i, j - 1}$, $A_{i, j + 1}$, $A_{i + 1, j - 1}$, $A_{i + 1, j}$ or $A_{i + 1, j + 1}$.

Let's assume that you have a processed $B$ image. Can you restore the original one? Write a program that, based on the image $B$, builds the image from which $B$ came after dilation using a kernel of size $3 \times 3$, if possible.

Input
The first line contains the integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \leq n, m \leq 100$) – the number of rows and columns in the image, respectively. This is followed by $n$ lines, each of which contains $m$ characters. Each symbol describes a pixel in the image. The white pixel is indicated by a dot «.», and the black one is a hash symbol «#». It is guaranteed that there are no other characters in the lines.

Output
The first line should contain the word «Possible», if it is possible to restore the original image, or «Impossible» – if it is not. If the word «Possible» was output, then print $n$ lines, each containing $m$ characters – the supposed source image, encoded in the same way as the input one. If there are multiple solutions print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes