K. King's Rout

The great rout will be held this evening in the palace of his majesty Nassah II, the king of Occorom. There are n guests invited. While they are preparing evening dresses and collecting fresh rumors to talk about, the chief valet of the palace has a tricky task to solve: choose the right order for persons to arrive to the palace.

Guests always arrive one by one, that is, no two guests may arrive at the same moment of time. Due to the court etiquette, there are some limitations on the order of the arrival. For example, a notable landlord should arrive later than all his vassals, but should be earlier than his wives. After reading "Etiquette guide for dummies" the valet found out m order conditions to be satisfied. Each of them has a form: a i must come before b i. Rules are so complicated that some conditions may appear in the list two or more times.

So far the problem seems to be easy and familiar. But some guests (actually, all of them) tried to bribe valet to allow them arrive before others. So valet sorted guests according to their payoffs amounts and decided that guest number 1 should arrive as early as possible (without violating etiquette rules), among all such options valet chooses the one with the guest number 2 arriving as early as possible, and so on. All payoffs were different, so valet has no problem in selecting guests priority.

Help valet to find the best possible schedule. Guests already have numbers in valet's private list of priority, so you will not know bribes amounts and will not be accused in complicity in corruption.

Input
The first line of the input contains two integers n and m (1 ≤ n ≤ 200 000, 0 ≤ m ≤ 400 000) — the number of guests invited and the number of order conditions respectively. Next m lines describe the conditions, each of them containing a single pair a i, b i (1 ≤ a i, b i ≤ n). That means the guest a i is required to come earlier than the guest b i.

Output
Print n different integers from 1 to n to describe the best possible order (according to valet's understanding) for guests to arrive. It is guaranteed that at least one valid order exists.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes