D. TL, ML or OK?

Important :

Artistic problem statement

Aidar finally finished writing the solution to the problem — he was confident in its correctness but doubted its efficiency.

Aidar's solution worked as follows: on each of the $n$ iterations of the loop, it performed $q$ calculations and added $k$ integers to the data structure.

Before submitting to the system, Aidar decided to show the final code to his teammates and ask for their opinions:

Based on the available information about Aidar's solution, determine what verdict it will receive.

Fixed values used in the problem

It is known that in the problem Aidar is solving, the limits are set to $1$ second and $256$ megabytes.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ $(1 \le n \le 10^6)$ — the number of iterations of the loop in Aidar's solution. The second line contains an integer $q$ $(0 \le q \le 10^6)$ — the number of calculations performed on each iteration of the loop. The third line contains an integer $k$ $(0 \le k \le 10^6)$ — the number of integers added to the data structure on each iteration of the loop. The fourth line contains a string $L$, denoting the programming language used for the solution: $L$ is equal to cpp if Aidar wrote the solution in C++. $L$ is equal to java if Aidar wrote the solution in Java. $L$ is equal to py if Aidar wrote the solution in Python.

Output
In a single line, output the string $V$, denoting the expected verdict: $V$ should be equal to OK if the solution does not exceed any of the problem limits. $V$ should be equal to TL if the solution exceeds the time limit but does not exceed the memory limit. $V$ should be equal to ML if the solution exceeds the memory limit but does not exceed the time limit. $V$ should be equal to TL and ML if the solution exceeds both limits.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes