J. Whistle's New Car

Whistle has bought a new car, which has an infinite fuel tank capacity.

He discovered an irregular country since it has n cities and there are exactly n - 1 roads between them, of course, all cities are connected. He is so much clever, he realized that the country is like a rooted tree of n nodes and node 1 is the root. Each city i has only one filling station by which he can fill his car's fuel tank in no more than X i liter. Whistle liked the country very much, and he wants to know what the most attractive city in the country is. The attractiveness of the city i is defined by how much it’s reachable from other cities, in other words the attractiveness of city is the number of cities j that satisfies these condition:

He knows the length of every road and that 1 Km will take exactly 1 liter on any road.

As you know, Whistle is very clever, but he is not that good at programming, so he asked you to help him. He wants to know the attractiveness of each city, so that he can decide which city to live in.

Input
The first line of input contains one integer T, the number of test cases. The next line contains one integer (1 ≤ n ≤ 500, 000), The number of cities in the country. The next line contains n integers (1 ≤ X i ≤ 1, 000, 000, 000). Each one of the next n - 1 line contains three integers A, B, C (1 ≤ A, B ≤ n and 1 ≤ C ≤ 1, 000, 000, 000), that means there is a road between city A and city B of length C.

Output
For each test case, output a line containing n integers, the attractiveness of each city.

Constraints
time limit per test 15 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes