G. Traffic Lights

The main street of Berland's capital is a segment with length s. The main street has traffic lights installed along it. The traffic lights have been functioning since time immemorial, cyclically changing colors from red to green and vice versa. Each traffic light can be described by four numbers x i, r i, g i, d i, which stand for:

Each traffic light retains its light cycle from the ancient past.

The King of Berland asked the transport minister to customize the traffic lights according to a "green wave" principle. That means that if you start driving from the beginning of the street at the recommended speed, you can drive through the entire street without stopping, that is, you pass each traffic light when it has the green light on.

Now it is time to show the "green wave’’ to the King, but the work is not even started yet. You may assume that the King starts driving at the moment of time 0 from the beginning of the street. So the minister decided to choose some speed v 0 and tell the king that the "green wave" works specifically for this speed. Moreover, they can switch any number of traffic lights to the "always green" mode. The minister' aim is to ensure that if the King drives through the street at the recommended speed v 0 he encounters no red traffic light. Driving exactly at the moment when the colors are changed is not considered driving through the red light.

Any transport's maximum speed is limited in Berland: it should not exceed v max. On the other hand, the King will be angry if the recommended speed is less than v min. Thus, the minister should choose such value of v 0, which satisfies the inequation v min ≤ v 0 ≤ v max.

Help the minister to find such v 0 value, that the number of traffic lights to switch to the "always green" mode is minimum. If v 0 is not uniquely defined, choose the maximum possible value of v 0.

Input
The first line of the input data contains four integers n, s, v min and v max (1 ≤ n < 20000, 1 ≤ s ≤ 20000, 10 ≤ v min ≤ v max ≤ 50), where n is the number of traffic lights on the street, s is the length of the street in meters, v min and v max are speed limits in meters per second. Then n lines contain descriptions of the traffic lights, one per line. Each description consists of four integer numbers x i, r i, g i, d i (1 ≤ x i ≤ s - 1, 10 ≤ r i, g i ≤ 20, 0 ≤ d i < r i + g i), where x i, r i, g i, d i are explained above. Values r i, g i, d i are given in seconds and x i — in meters. No two traffic lights are located at one point.

Output
On the first line, print the sought value v 0 containing no less than 10 digits after the decimal point. On the second line, print the number of traffic lights that need to be switched to the "always green" mode for the found v 0. The third line should contain the numbers of those traffic lights. It doesn't matter you print empty third line or print only two lines in case of no traffic lights to switch. The traffic lights are numbered starting from 1 in the order in which they appear in the input data. Print the numbers of the traffic lights in any order.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes