H. Mountains

Pacha loves hiking in the mountains. This time, he decided to go to the highest point of the mountains surrounding his city to take a souvenir photo. It is well known that there is no other point on the mountain with an equal or higher height, so he has the best view.

He always gathers a group for these activities, and this time, you decided to join. The day of the hike arrived; you had everything prepared, but unfortunately, you overslept... You won't be able to accompany the group all the way, but you can meet them at the highest point. You ask Pacha for the map to reach them, and he sends it to you in the form of a riddle.

The mountains are represented as a string consisting of the characters ' $+$ ' and ' $-$ ', each indicating whether that point of the mountain is higher or lower than the previous one from left to right, and always having a height difference of 1 meter. He also tells you to assume that the point before the start of the mountain is at height 0.

For example, the string $+++--+--$ is a map of mountains with heights $[1, 2, 3, 2, 1, 2, 1, 0]$.

Given the map, you must calculate the position of the mountain (from left to right) that corresponds to the highest point to meet the group.

Input
The first and only line contains a string $s$ formed by the characters ' $+$ ' and ' $-$ ' (without quotes). The size of the string will not exceed $10^5$ and will contain at least one character. It is guaranteed that all points of the mountains will be at a non-negative height and that there will only be one highest point.

Output
An integer, indicating the position of the mountain corresponding to the highest point.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes