J. Saeed and Folan

Saeed is waiting for Shahhoud who is late as usual. To kill time, Saeed decided to walk around the hallway. The hallway can be seen as a straight line with 10 9 tiles numbered from 1 to 10 9 from left to right.

Saeed starts his walk at the p 1 th tile facing either left or right. Each second he moves one tile in the direction he is facing. The boundaries of his walk are L 1 and R 1 (L 1 < R 1). This means that if he is walking left and reaches the L 1 th tile, he changes his direction and starts walking right, And if he is walking right and reaches the R 1 th tile, he changes his direction and starts moving left. (no time is needed to change direction)

Folan is also walking in a similar way, except that he starts at the p 2 th tile and the boundaries of his walk are L 2 and R 2 (L 2 < R 2).

Saeed hates Folan, and he is wondering how many times he will meet Folan at the same tile at the same moment within K seconds of walking (the direction of walking does not matter), can you help him?

Input
The first line contains a single integer T, the number of test cases. Each test case consists of 3 lines, the first line contains 4 space-separated integers L 1, R 1, p 1, and D 1 (if D 1 is 0 then Saeed is facing left, and if D 1 is 1 then Saeed is facing right). The second line also contains 4 space-separated integers L 2, R 2, p 2 and D 2, the information of Folan's walk (similar to Saeed's). 1 ≤ L 1 < R 1 ≤ 10 9 and p 1 is in the range [L 1, R 1]. 1 ≤ L 2 < R 2 ≤ 10 9 and p 2 is in the range [L 2, R 2]. 1 ≤ K ≤ 1000 p 1 ≠ p 2

Output
For each test case, print one line containing one integer, the number of times Saeed meets Folan on the same tile at the same time.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes