A. Bencoding

Bencoding is a modern technique which is used for representing data structures as sequences of characters. It it capable of encoding strings, integers, lists and dictionaries as specified below:

For example, " 4:spam " represents the string "spam", " 0: " represents an empty string.

For example, " i1024e " represents the number 1024.

For example, " li101el4:spami1024eee " represents the list "[101, ["spam", 1024]]".

For example, " d1:a0:1:pl1:b2:cdee " represents the dictionary with string key "a" mapped into an empty string "", and key "p" mapped into the list "["b", "cd"]".

A character sequence c is called a valid bencoded object if the following two conditions are met:

For example, when m = 3, the sequence c = " 2:bc " is not considered a valid bencoded object even though it represents a correctly encoded string "bc".

Given m and c you have to write a program which should determine whether c is a valid bencoded object. If c is not a valid bencoded object, it also has to find the longest prefix of c which could be a prefix of some valid bencoded object. Formally, you should find a maximal position j within the given character sequence c, such that a prefix of c up to, but not including, character at position j could be a prefix of some valid bencoded object. If the given character sequence c is not a valid bencoded object, but the entire sequence c is a prefix of some valid bencoded object, then j is considered equal to the length of c.

Input
The first line of the input contains one integer m (2 ≤ m ≤ 10 9)  — the maximum possible length of a valid bencoded object. The second line contains a character sequence which you are to process. The sequence will only contain characters with ASCII codes from 33 to 127, inclusive. Its length will be between 1 and 10 6 characters.

Output
Print a single line containing word " ok " (without quotes) if the given input character sequence is a valid bencoded object. Otherwise, print message " Error at position j ! ". The first character of the input sequence is considered to have position " 0 ".

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes