J. Just another Sorting Problem

Jessica is a master of sorting algorithms, proficient in selection sort, insertion sort, bubble sort, and many others. Therefore, she decided to host a sorting competition.

The competition takes place on a permutation $^{\dagger}$ $p$ of length $n$, with two participants: Alice and Bob. The two players take turns performing operations, with the first player being decided by a coin toss. If the sequence is in ascending order after any player's turn, Alice wins immediately. If Alice cannot win within a finite number of turns, Bob is considered the winner.

On Alice's turn, she can choose any two positions $i,j$ ($i \neq j, 1 \leq i,j \leq n$) in the permutation and swap $p_i$ and $p_j$. On Bob's turn, he can select two adjacent positions $i,i+1$ ($1 \leq i \lt n$) and swap $p_i$ and $p_{i+1}$. Neither player is allowed to skip their turn.

Given the permutation $p$ and the name of the player who operates first, determine who will win the game if both players play optimally.

$^{\dagger}$ A permutation of length $n$ is an array consisting of $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ in arbitrary order. For example, $[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but $[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation ($2$ appears twice in the array), and $[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation ($n=3$ but there is a $4$ in the array).

Input
Each test file contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 10^5$) and a string $s$ ($s \in \{$ Alice, Bob $\}$), representing the length of the permutation and the name of the player who operates first. The second line contains $n$ integers $p_1, p_2, \cdots, p_n$ ($1 \leq p_i \leq n$), representing the permutation $p$. It is guaranteed that there is at least one position $i$ such that $p_i \neq i$. For each test file, it is guaranteed that the sum of all $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing the winner's name. If Alice wins, print " Alice "; otherwise, print " Bob ".

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes