A. Antivirus

Hyrule is entering the flu season.

Hyrule consists of $n$ cities, which are connected by $m$ directed roads. The capital (city numbered $1$) can be reached from all cities through these roads.

The flu season will last for $q$ days. On the $i$-th day at noon, the flu virus will start spreading from city $a_i$. The virus will spread along the roads to other cities. The virus spreads very quickly, so it can be assumed that all cities reachable from $a_i$ will be infected immediately. As the capital city of Hyrule, city $1$ is crucial for the whole country. If the virus that starts spreading on the $i$-th day reaches the capital, there will be an economic loss cost of $b_i$.

To prevent the virus from spreading, Auru can deploy a virus filter in a city each night (including the night before the first day). Deploying a virus filter in city $i$ has a deployment cost of $c_i$. The virus cannot spread through the city equipped with a virus filter, and that city will also remain uninfected. If the virus were to start spreading from a city equipped with a virus filter, the virus would simply disappear without infecting any cities. The deployed virus filter remains effective until Auru deploys a new filter in another city. (In other words, there can be at most one virus filter at a time.)

Auru wants to know: for each $i = 1, 2, \dots, q$, considering only the viruses in the first $i$ days, what is the minimum value of "economic loss cost + deployment cost".

Input
Each test file contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $T$ ($1 \leq T \leq 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$, and $q$ ($2 \leq n \leq 10^5$, $n-1 \leq m \leq 2 \times 10^5$, $1 \leq q \leq 10^5$), representing the number of cities, the number of roads, and the duration of the flu season in days, respectively. In the next $m$ lines, each contains two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ ($1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq n$), representing a directed road from city $u_i$ to city $v_i$. It is guaranteed that there are no self-loops, but there may be multiple edges between cities. The capital can be reached from all cities. The next line contains $n$ integers $c_1, c_2, \dots, c_n$ ($1 \leq c_i \leq 10^9$), representing the deployment cost of the virus filter in each city. In the following $q$ lines, the $i$-th one contains two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ ($2 \leq a_i \leq n$, $1 \leq b_i \leq 10^9$), indicating the city where the virus starts to spread on the $i$-th day and the economic loss cost if the virus reaches the capital. For each test file, it is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$, the sum of $m$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \times 10^5$, and the sum of $q$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a line containing $n$ integers, where the $i$-th integer represents the minimum value of the "economic loss cost + deployment cost" when only considering the viruses in the first $i$ days.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes