A. Accelerator

DreamGrid is driving a spaceship from Mars to Earth.

There are $n$ accelerators on the trajectory to accelerate the spaceship. The $i$ -th accelerator has an accelerating factor of $a_i$. The spaceship will pass the accelerators one by one. Initially, the velocity of the spaceship is $0$. When the spaceship passes through an accelerator, it gains energy from the accelerator and the velocity changes. Formally, if the accelerating factor is $A$ and the velocity before accelerating is $v$, the velocity after accelerating becomes $v'=(v+1)\times A$.

However, the $n$ accelerators are uniformly randomly shuffled. DreamGrid doesn't know the order of the accelerators passed through now. Can you tell him the expected velocity after passing through all the $n$ accelerators?

It can be proved that the expected velocity is rational. Suppose that the answer can be denoted by $\frac{u}{d}$ where $\gcd(u, d) = 1$, you need to output an integer $r$ such that $rd \equiv u\pmod{998\,244\,353}$ and $0 \le r < 998\,244\,353$. It can be proved that such $r$ exists and is unique.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 100\,000$), indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 100\,000$), indicating the number of accelerators. The next line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$), indicating the accelerating factors. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ of all test cases will not exceed $100\,000$.

Output
For each test case output one line containing the integer $r$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 s
memory limit per test 512 megabytes