K. Kind Baker

Flora loves baking cakes, and for her company's $K$ -th birthday she promised to bring a special treat: a cake, with $K$ different combinations of toppings to choose from! Unfortunately, she doesn't have much time, so she needs to simplify things a bit.

A cake can be described as a $100 \times 100$ grid of square cake pieces. A collection of pieces is connected if, for every pair of pieces in the collection, they are connected directly (they share a side) or indirectly (there is a sequence of pieces such that you can go from one piece to the other through directly connected pieces). The figure below depicts two collections of pieces (only a relevant part of the grid is shown). One collection is connected, while the other one is not.

Flora has a machine that accepts a connected collection of cake pieces and puts a certain topping on each of those pieces. A different topping is applied each time the machine runs. After using the machine a given number of times, each piece will have a (possibly empty) combination of toppings on it. Two pieces are considered to be of different types if they have a different combination of toppings. Flora wants to know the minimum number of times she has to use the machine to achieve exactly $K$ different types of cake pieces, and a possible way to choose a connected collection of cake pieces for each time she will use the machine.

Input
The input consists of a single line that contains an integer $K$ ($1 \leq K \leq 4000$) indicating the number of different types of pieces that the cake must have.

Output
The first line must contain an integer $T$ indicating the minimum number of times that Flora has to use the machine. Each of the next $T$ lines describes a connected collection of cake pieces to drive into the machine the successive times that Flora will use it; the line must contain a positive integer $N$ followed by $N$ different pairs of integers ${X_1,Y_1}, {X_2,Y_2}, \ldots, {X_N,Y_N}$ ($1 \le X_i,Y_i \le 100$ for ${i}={1}, {2}, \ldots, {N}$), indicating that the collection consists of the pieces with coordinates ${(X_1,Y_1)}, {(X_2,Y_2)}, \ldots, {(X_N,Y_N)}$. It is guaranteed that there exists at least one solution. The coordinates $(1,1)$ identify the square piece in any corner of the cake.

Constraints
time limit per test 0.3 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes