G. Grand Glory Race

The Kingdom of Arboria has developed a vast network of $N$ villages numbered from $1$ to $N$. These villages are interconnected by $N-1$ two-way roads, forming an unrooted tree.

These days, the kingdom's streets are buzzing with excitement over the upcoming Grand Glory Race. This prestigious race has been losing popularity in recent years. Over time, all the runners became so well-prepared that now they all run at the same speed. Because all runners move at the same pace, the order in which they reach each village is determined purely by the starting point, as each runner always takes a shortest path toward the finish line. Thus, it became easy to predict who would win the race, taking away much of the interest.

But this year, the race organizers have introduced some intriguing new rules to make the competition more engaging:

With these new rules in place, bookmakers across the kingdom are analyzing the odds for different runners. While the order in which the runners reach the Crown Village is easy to determine, what really interests the bookmakers is how many villages each runner can claim during their journey.

To assist the King's bookmaker, you are tasked with answering queries about various race scenarios. For each query, you'll be given two numbers: the identifiers of a leaf village $S$ and a village $T$, hypothetically chosen as the Crown Village. Based on this, you need to determine how many villages will be claimed by a runner starting at $S$ if the race ends at $T$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $N$ ($2 \leq N \leq 10^5$) indicating the number of villages in the kingdom. Each village is identified by a distinct integer from $1$ to $N$. Each of the next $N-1$ lines contains three integers $U$, $V$ and $L$ ($1 \leq U, V \leq N$, $U \neq V$ and $1 \leq L \leq 10^4$), representing that there is a two-way road connecting villages $U$ and $V$, with length $L$. The next line contains an integer $Q$ ($1 \leq Q \leq 10^5$) denoting the number of queries. Each of the next $Q$ lines describes a query with two integers $S$ and $T$ ($1 \leq S, T \leq N$), indicating respectively the leaf village where a specific runners starts, and the hypothetical Crown Village (the finish line for this particular query). It is guaranteed that the villages and roads form a tree, and that $S$ is a leaf in the tree for each query.

Output
For each query in the input, output a line with an integer representing the number of villages that will be claimed by the runner if the specified Crown Village is chosen as the finish line. Output the results in the same order that the corresponding queries appear in the input.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes