J. The Quest for El Dorado

There is a kingdom with $n$ cities and $m$ bi-directional railways connecting the cities. The $i$ -th railway is operated by the $c_i$ -th railway company, and the length of the railway is $l_i$.

You'd like to travel around the country starting from city $1$. For your travel, you have bought $k$ railway tickets. The $i$ -th ticket can be represented by two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$, meaning that if you use this ticket, you can travel through some railways in one go, as long as they're all operated by company $a_i$ and their total length does not exceed $b_i$. It is also allowed to just stay in the current city when using a ticket. You can only use the tickets one at a time, and you can only use each ticket once.

As you find it a burden to determine the order to use the tickets, you decided to use the tickets just in their current order. More formally, you're going to perform $k$ operations. In the $i$ -th operation, you can either choose to stay in the current city $u$; Or choose a different city $v$, such that there exists a path from city $u$ to city $v$ where all railways in the path are operated by company $a_i$ and the total length of railways does not exceed $b_i$, and finally move to city $v$.

For each city, determine if it is possible to arrive in that city after using all $k$ tickets.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$, and $k$ ($2 \le n \le 5 \times 10^5$, $1 \le m \le 5 \times 10^5$, $1 \le k \le 5 \times 10^5$) indicating the number of cities, the number of railways and the number of tickets. For the following $m$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains four integers $u_i$, $v_i$, $c_i$, and $l_i$ ($1 \le u_i, v_i \le n$, $u_i \ne v_i$, $1 \le c_i \le m$, $1 \le l_i \le 10^9$) indicating that the $i$ -th railway connects city $u_i$ and $v_i$. It is operated by company $c_i$ and its length is $l_i$. Note that there might be multiple railways connecting the same pair of cities. For the following $k$ lines, the $i$ -th line contains two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ ($1 \le a_i \le m$, $1 \le b_i \le 10^9$) indicating that if you use the $i$ -th ticket, you can travel through some railways in one go, if they're all operated by company $a_i$ and their total length does not exceed $b_i$. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$, the sum of $m$, and the sum of $k$ of all test cases will not exceed $5 \times 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing one string $s_1s_2\cdots s_n$ of length $n$ where each character is either $0$ or $1$. If you can travel from city $1$ to city $i$ with these $k$ tickets, then $s_i = 1$; Otherwise $s_i = 0$.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes