G. Glory Road

In ancient times, three neighboring kingdoms — Antheon, Beelor, and Cicadale —were ruled by close friends.

To symbolize their friendship, they constructed three straight roads linking the kingdoms together. The first road connecting Antheon to Beelor had Statue of Unity exactly at the halfway of it. The second road connecting Beelor to Cicadale had Statue of Friendship exactly at the halfway of it. The third road connecting Antheon to Cicadale had Statue of Harmony exactly at the halfway of it.

For example, if Antheon is located at $(1,2)$, Beelor at $(3,6)$ and Cicadale at $(7,4)$, then:

Tragically, the kingdoms were eventually wiped out by a devastating onslaught of pesticides, leading to their complete destruction. Yet, the three ancient statues somehow withstood the test of time, standing as the only surviving remnants of these lost civilizations.

Now, an archaeologist is determined to find the original locations of these lost kingdoms. He believes that the statues hold the clues to uncovering where the kingdoms once were. Your task is to help him figure out the locations of the kingdoms based on the positions of the surviving statues.

Input
The first line of the input contains two integers $x$ and $y$ $(|x|,|y|\le 100)$ — the coordinates of Statue of Unity. The second line of the input contains two integers $x$ and $y$ $(|x|,|y|\le 100)$ — the coordinates of Statue of Friendship. The third line of the input contains two integers $x$ and $y$ $(|x|,|y|\le 100)$ — the coordinates of Statue of Harmony.

Output
Print three lines; the first line contains the coordinates of kingdom Antheon, the second line contains the coordinates of kingdom Beelor, and the third line contains the coordinates of kingdom Cicadale. It can be proven that the coordinates of all three kingdoms are always integers.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes