C. Crossing River

Panda is a boatman who operates a boat on a river. The boat can carry at most one passenger at a time.

One day, there are $n$ people who want to cross from the left bank of the river to the right bank. Their arrival times at the left riverbank are $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$. There are also $m$ people who want to cross from the right bank to the left bank. Their arrival times at the right riverbank are $b_1, b_2, \dots, b_m$. A passenger can only board the boat at or after their arrival time.

The boat takes exactly $k$ units of time to cross the river, whether it has a passenger or not. Panda can choose the boat's starting position (left or right bank). The goal is to find a crossing schedule that minimizes the time when the very last of the $n+m$ people reaches the opposite bank destination. You should also help Panda determine the complete crossing schedule.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n,m,k$ ($1\le n,m \le 10^5$, $1\le k\le 10^9$), denoting the number of people starting on the left, the number of people starting on the right, and the time for a single crossing. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1,a_2,\dots,a_n$ ($1\le a_i \le 10^9$), which are the arrival times for the people on the left bank. The third line contains $m$ integers $b_1,b_2,\dots,b_m$ ($1\le b_i \le 10^9$), which are the arrival times for the people on the right bank.

Output
The first line should contain one integer $T$, representing the minimum possible time the last passenger reaches their destination. The following $n+m$ lines should describe the crossing schedule in chronological order. The $i$ -th line contains three integers $t_i,tp_i,id_i$ ($0\le t_i\le T$, $tp_i\in\{0,1\}$), indicating that at time $t_i$, the passenger with index $id_i$ from the left bank ($tp_i=0$) or the right bank ($tp_i=1$) gets on the boat. When $tp_i=0$, you must ensure that $1\le id_i\le n$ and $t_i \ge a_{id_i}$; when $tp_i=1$, you must ensure that $1\le id_i\le m$ and $t_i \ge b_{id_i}$. Moreover, you must ensure that $t_1 < t_2 < \dots < t_{n + m}$ and $T = \max_i({t_i} + k)$. For a valid schedule, every one of the $n+m$ people must successfully board the boat and reach the opposite bank. The time between two consecutive boarding times must be at least $k$, that is, $t_i-t_{i-1}\ge k$ for all $1 < i \le n+m$. If two consecutive people board from the same bank ($tp_i=tp_{i-1}$), the time between their boarding must be at least $2k$, that is, $t_i-t_{i-1}\ge 2k$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes