I. Bingo 3

In this problem, you will need to construct a grid with $n$ rows and $n$ columns. Each cell of the grid has an integer in it, where $a_{i, j}$ indicates the integer in the cell located at the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column. Each integer from $1$ to $n^2$ (both inclusive) appears exactly once in the grid.

We say an integer $x$ is a "bingo integer" of this grid, if at least one of the two following conditions is satisfied.

It is easy to see that a grid may have multiple bingo integers, however in this problem, we're only interested in the smallest bingo integer.

Given integers $n$ and $k$, construct a grid with $n$ rows and $n$ columns, such that its smallest bingo integer is exactly $k$.

Input
There are multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains an integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 50$) indicating the number of test cases. For each test case: The first and only line contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le n \le 50$, $1 \le k \le n^2$).

Output
For each test case: If it is possible to construct a grid with $n$ rows and $n$ columns, such that its smallest bingo integer is $k$, first output Yes in one line. Then output $n$ lines, where the $i$ -th line contains $n$ integers $a_{i, 1}, a_{i, 2}, \cdots, a_{i, n}$ separated by a space, indicating the integers on the $i$ -th row of the grid. Don't forget that each integer from $1$ to $n^2$ (both inclusive) must appear exactly once in the grid. If there are multiple valid answers, you can output any of them. If it is impossible to find an answer, just output No in one line.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes